{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs18 brim pg 112\par
For a few moments, I found myself thinking, as I stood in utter disbelief alongside frustrated photographers, we cannot even tell if in fact that is Siti in the dark blue dress or Doan in the muted yellow dress. Time magazine said that they went by in a flicker...  Lady Gaga's turn as the Countess in Hotel came to mind, I think flickers are the future.  Now then for the screenplay, i'd say sure what a twist; the real Doan and Siti get paid off, laid off from reality and are living in some sort of east asian witness protection program...We've got the McDonalds contract and this election is in the bag, hell, nobody will know...oh the plastic surgery needs more time to settle, well rush them in from darkened window pick up trucks and put them in dresses...the press loves dresses and they won't mention anything else...Of course, it could be worse, they could already have been executed and the pork chops i;ve brought them are beside the point...yet, that would indicate a level of corruption so toxic as to include government officials from both indonesia and vietnam. The thing is after the democrats and bernie well we are prepared to believe nearly anything....Right before the two hundred and fifty six member squadron escorts them through the glass doors in double time like a waltz gone insane, a police officer spins around and takes a picture of the group of photographers. It's surreal or worse like a slap in the face. Later that morning, one of the photographers posts a shot on instagram of his collegues sitting around with their equipment... the words nothing to see here have never been brought to such a vivid climax in real life. They've got nothing on these bitches and they know it, stalling for time. It's illegal and yet the law of the land. In the airplane back to south korea, I feel Doan with me but i cannot tell if it is my wishful thinking or the ghost of the nice girl that took a picture of her closed eyes face and wanted to dream with us. Have they been replaced? Have they been eliminated? Is it only that after such a prolonged orgy of suffering they are transformed, traumatized, touched by inner distractions that need to be greater than the jail holding them? No one is asking any questions, the facts are accepted without regard to doubts. For myself, it's already a film and so this must be the mystery before another long wait chasing down the second of october. typhoon peanuts the twilight zone groucho marx annie leibovitz born rock hudson died.\par
\par
\par
\par
\b0\fs20\par
\par
}
