{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20\par
\b\fs14\par
BRIM 115 the trick is in trying. i like 114 but i don't love 114. i wasn't myself while typing. i wonder if that indicates that doan and siti are not themselves...have you considered being a house? you might like being an apartment, not sure how they divide the body parts...for crying out loud don't open the back door...a lot of people have been television sets, a few, lamps, even...i look over my notes under the green lightbulb...my vagina looks like mae west but i want it to look like marilyn monroe...while searching through the babies for sale from indonesia, i decide to query over how much it will be for the whole package, mother and child i mean it could save me money on milk...three thousand for a vietnamese bitch, yes, but there is a chance she might run away...who in heaven's name thinks they are running the world? is it not our world to love and cherish or at least forget until so and so is trending on the twitter feed...why are they not freed...if agents, alike the double one in washington obituary which the other side claims to be a faked death, naturally they would have been switched and these are simply stand ins of course the family pictures and related emotions say otherwise and malaysia being impossibly weird well chances are that it is as is being reported. one notices, however, the lack of fanfare in some of the leading newspapers and this leads us back to well maybe there is some sort of cover up...when reports streamed in they were from unusual places and one from within kuala lumpur hinted at the bizarre nature of the proceedings. positively, something is being withheld, notice, in a trial -within an age of nearly instant communications- not one opinion piece or editorial by any outside lawyers. now if i were a lawyer, i would very much want to weigh in on how to argue the case. such melodrama, but the soap opera has no commercial sponsors? hmm...i realize that i am sort of judging people that might well be too busy to pen a legal position, but it is not my intention as my concern revolves not around op ed segments. it should be noted that there was one report about a vx survivor who was presented like an authority on the matter albeit he was nowhere near the airport at the time. perhaps, it simply does not feed the frenzy in the way say that launched missiles do and will...i feel for these women especially now in the realization that they are the faces of a multitude of indonesian and vietnamese females with voices lost within varying degrees of captivity...imagine being sold for a few dollars all because one country had a child limit law and the population opted for the male species! i look around the south korean streets and walkways enchanted and unable to imagine any girl being sold to balance a disproportion. it's a dirty bomb ticking into an explosion none of us can imagine since none of us on this side of the fence can see doan and siti as our own daughters even i position part of my view in a sensual or romatic stance which partly reduces their worth while i appropriate them as muses of course if i framed them in mind alike daughters perhaps it would increase their allure yet how is the set in stone patriarchy ever going to allow such emotion...keep the bitches in the bed or in the kitchen ok ok maybe they can care for a garden but that's it, anything more and we'll be drowning in the unholy woes of feminism by jings there might even be more lesbianism and things are bad enough as it is...\b0\fs20\par
}
