{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\tx2880\b\f0\fs16 BRIM 116\par
\par
all the federales say i hd i lawrence had no intention of writing; i'd gone twelve rounds with a new track and set down my recording gloves...rice and beans and doan's grin gin jin i'm in a sit down and stay put mindset had a lot of fun had a lot of money the things we think but do not say google maguire i wonder when the phone sings if you don't want to be an apartment then be a mosquito!\par
i feel the insect buzz why deny the obvious child? i decide to go stateside for a syracuse minute and maybe some camping, bill warns me, she won't stop taking pictures of her ring. on the plane i dream of some campus pool party, suddenly kissing the bride three years after the wedding, something tells me she loves you yet i know it might only be a beatles tune, and there are other scenes too mixed up with thought to make sense of until some sort of conversation after sauntering through city street walkways wherein i'm told they only have three fingers and being a guitarist i think of django until i recall the vulcan greeting...anyway, i'm not so worried over the government cloning aliens yet for some reason i find myself surprised over the segregation laws although i know it has been some time perhaps part of me is living in another epoch...hmm, weird. yes, yet the states to some extent or another have always held a quirk...i watch hell or highwater and adult world -both quirky- and i dream of tim...i dread how swiftly everyone turns on the talk of news, say or write the wrong thing and it's the end of you as an american...fear the frog in hunter's dorm i hear the words fire and fury i wonder who is writing this fluff on the afterglow of an atomic anniversary and then like an uppercut that makes you go to wikipedia i heard the word guam! this is the apprentice get me godzilla on the coast of north korea pronto...stand ye guamanians there's another magellan...now if the big bopper tells me guam you know i turn into vincent mancini what are you fucking crazy i don't even know this guam go ahead what the fuck do i care...just when you thought you were on vacation they pull you back in...the human soul needs actual beauty more than bread and it is beautiful here even in los angeles where certain groupies have been quarantied brother justin crowe or alexei belyakov was played by clancy brown behold the usher a dark heart dwells where branches meet...tim is showing me a book while asking the name of a tree...as with many a thing well i don't know yet later learn that it is alpinia purpurata of all places native to malaysia count henri de laborde de mopezat will be buried at another location in denmark!\par
\par
\par
BRIM 117 \par
 Talicia's don't get into trouble as others do, and do not want any one to help them. If you were done in the bail house you would have to go to bed without your ballet, because you could not take talc for your own powder. Now, when your doubt has gone, I shall go to work and have my iced tea.  And then he did go, bidding America bless him as he left it. Three hours after that he was disturbed in his own los angeles lodgings by one of the negro girls from the backlot rushing to his door, and begging him in Putin's name to come down to the assistance of the Russians.\par
\par
     When inky left LA, the news did not proceed to do as it had said, and seemed to have forgotten their iran and game of hackers and syria deal. inky had been working sedulously with his recordings during all that last conversation; but when his new flat nosed blonde lover was gone, he allowed the work to fall from his hands, and sat motionless for awhile, gazing at the last streak of what the fuck left by the setting of kim jong nam's unburied body; but there was no longer a sign of its glory to be traced in the heavens around him. The twilight in Los angeles is not long and enduring as it is with Busan, though the daylight does not depart suddenly, leaving the darkness of night behind it without  time of warning as is the case way south, down among the islands of the argentines. But the soft, sweet light of the evening had waned and gone, how could he know for sure he was not being manipulated? how could anyone? and night had absolutely come upon him - like a story of poison in the hands that does nothing to the holder - while inky was still seated before the backlot with his eyes fixed upon the creamy streak of motionless sea which was still visible through the hotel's gloom. he was thinking of doan and siti, of his way of life, of his happiness, and of his duty towards them. he had told them, with his pretty feminine falseness, that he could wait without impatience; but now he said to himself that it would not be good for him to wait too much longer. He lived alone and without sex dolls, working very hard for his luxury, and they could see and feel and understand that a companion in his life was to him almost a necessity.  yes but how did the iceman get cyanide? almonds and apples? he would tell the post that all this must be brought to an end. he would not ask them for money, but he would make them understand that his services must, at any rate in part, be transferred. Why should not he and thoughts still live at the villa when they were married? And so thinking, and at last resolving until the flight back to south korea, he sat there till the dark night fell upon him.\par
}
