{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Galaxy BT;}{\f1\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Luciferius;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs14 BRIM-pg 11-if you look up, or -as we often tend to now intone- google how to follow satan it won't bring you satisfaction unless you intend to worship the devil. What I was searching for was how to follow the lightning quick trilogy that is turning out to be page ten of this tome. i suppose some exposition on the reason for this "style" might be in order. it is three fold, more than once i have felt that not only was a certain work in progress already available but even some of the thoughts behind it and so why not post it as it were...secondly, the challenge of being concise while at the same time throwing nearly all manner of form out the window and -hopefuly- making it new or at least beatific in that smoke for the scene and bring everybody into the dream type of typing wherein a quote such as just sped by your reading peepers will melt into the question, into the quest...third and lastly, this "act" this craft, this spooky art, it is part of what makes me who i am even when i say some immortal words not mine or sing a line far from this time. It makes it so because that is also who we all are, the collective 'we all' so when the cult croons i fell from the sky well we have all had that dream, no? Yes and so we can get on the bandstand it's a good a good beat and you can dance to it understand? I like that tradition, what James Joyce, TS Eliot, Ezra Pound, ee Cummings, and William Burroughs brought to literature. Now then, how to follow Lucifer as it were... I may have mentioned in these notes how goodly Rules Don't Apply looked and in one of my favorite scenes Howard Hughes, by the way that book by Richard Hack could give the Harry Houdini pamphlet a run for its money if you enjoy an awesome story, takes a plane over to Great Britain and on the way he's telling the story of Jolson having to come on stage after Caruso. Well, Jolson struggles since the crowd keeps cheering uhm you know like when the fab four had to quit touring because they simply could not hear themselves over the euphoric screams, anyway he gets them, HH, relates, to simmer down and then proclaims, you ain't seen nothing yet. Cutting off the engine and letting the air freighter float with the back door flapping he starts on a solo jamboree of Is it True What They Say About Dixie even throwing in a few extra lines just like Bob Dylan might in a concert well in a concert in a city with his kind of light. Right. Now, then, there this is what I need to do here even if it seems I only have Hathaway in euphoria as Billy Shakes put-placed it  I hate  from hate away she threw and saved my life saying not you. I realize, it might only be my own reverie and in reality her and Eiza have teamed up to put me a straitjacket yet that is all one really needs indeed that dream those dreamy feelings of being appreciated. i don't expect anyone to applaud at this point especially when in other circumstances i would be pretty much through given that it's been a month but they are dragging this out like Talia on a what to wear for the weekend over on the west coast...there's even graffiti going, how much longer?  Call from Cairo! telephone? an actual - yes. Who, I ask one of my two secretaries, he's saying Honey. Honey? I'm not here, I don't know any honey well wait hand me the handset, Hello? Inky Man it's Hosni Hi! Mubarak, you motherfucker, I heard you were free nobody said you got a cell. I am calling because I need this talk of release orgy contained. Look, man you were uhm I was happy for you I let it go, nobody reads these things i see you still sound like mister dracula. I am going to be very fair with you Inky Man, I only ask not to be included in the final draft. We can talk it over, I would love to visit egypt a lot of the cabbies in the city they only pick me up because they think i'm from the luxor oh wait you know i could sell my agent on a biography but with the sex you know how it is in the publishing business.. No biography not yet only i need containment yes? In that case, let's have a meeting, a sit down i really need to get out of the house more anyway and i know you can relate. Very nice talking, I will think for a time to meet and meanwhile remember my request.  you got it big dog, falafel and castello high red label beer i hope soon thanks for checking in, sorry about the piece in the times. Inky Man you read my mind, those faggots they don't know what's it like in egypt with  emergency law and everybody wanting more money everywhere nevermind I change my stance write the whole orgy yes and i say to you as a friend in a few more days there will be more. Well, that makes my job a lot easier, i hear the GID is no joke and well don't get too wild. I have always been a moderate despite what they might say and yes no joke but it is GIS at least for now. all right, got it,  give my regards to Saliba Street!\b0\f1\fs20\par
}
