{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Courier;}{\f1\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Credit River;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang2057\f0\fs24\par
BRIM- pg 12 - And the writer--you have brought some message probably from him?\par
He says, Anatole France has been made and he feels awful over not having had the chance to make him out before! He says, This is not a feminist book and he has no such political stance and I quote the writer:  I am determined not to die before I can  block my wife from taking all my money! No wait, sorry that was the photojournalist. Here, Here, I really quote the writer: Sure I like women but I was raised up in the same places you were and a blonde well aren't we gentlemen supposed to prefer them and even now if i see some bitch wearing united airline leggings well there is that oh fuck what a whoring cunt goes there so it's not like I'm nobody to look up to under those political ahem social political situations but I am trying to improve from the puritan mindset no that is not even entirely true I am trying but most of the time I am trying to get through the evening in my own language and given the chance I'd have us all dressing up in muted colonial colors. Now, then, as for these accusations of racism, I don't know, it's the Americans ain't it, they continually forget that the economic inequality is the problem. I happen to have great affection for the hindus, well I like some of them, a few, I've even well I haven't really but I intend to watch a very harold and kumar 3d christmas. \par
\par
brim-pg 13 -It was late in the afternoon when the inky man got to his new cell phone. He had never seen it before, though he well knew the exact spot where it could be simed, and had often looked up at the window girl, regarding the place with the unpleasant suspicions one feels while sauntering the red district in Amsterdam; for he knew that strange women like that were now the new dangers to the property of his imagination. That had once happened with Orange, and, of course, with Wind, he believed that these corporations had obtained information by robbery and fraud. He hesitated a moment before he presented himself at her glance, having some fear of her beauty. The beautiful even more than the damned could take anyone into a detour of years away from their own intentions.  He knew\par
that he was doing right, but these corporations in their own profit scheme to escape another imperial invasion were\par
uncanny, and might be dangerously insolent. It's not that he had a determined commission which required a clandestine stance yet it irked him to have a memory imposed simply because someone accessed his storage file say from 2012 and suddenly instead of the present the inky man found himself stranded in an intruder's judgement over a png that might only have been saved to serve a whim. Besides, a new, cheap, device would be safer as well as intentionally bypassing the predators he might even untangle himself from the court of fools always free for a cut throat take it all away as soon as anything sugary might sweeten the script. \par
\par
 \par
\b\f1\fs22 BRIM-pg 14- Sylvia, you are my sister in so many ways and still what i like is the piston in motion. I got up and strangely I did not feel like taking a piss. It could be that this had been the day that Virginia Woolf put rocks in her pockets. Hid blotting woman emotion the feeling always middle class. The stones are not the best blues band, they are the only ones left! I guess you think I'm kicking you, Bob. But it ain't so. What I'm doing is talking. You hear? I'm talking to all those villains down there in Kansas. I'm talking to all those villains in Missouri and all those villains down there in Cheyenne. And what I'm saying is there ain't no whore's gold! And if there was they wouldn't want to come looking for it anyhow! Chloe and now three pages later what I really wanted to write; unknowns topple sutter n surface - so mr cupid of broadway changed the sign on his cab - iowa blizzard - ozzy my man where ya been - peggy soon a bride to keep working - socialist bares soviet horrors - i appeal to reason - let's be friends - mentalist to give demonstration - relief cuts sweep washington - beauty lodged in filthy room - i sat her on my knee and found her bitter - society hostess won king's heart - spanish strife - murder crazed cop tells own story - welcome soviet seamen -cocktails must live up to name - kick you in the balls so hard you won't be able to make babies - adagio for strings - edward abdicates - hamlets to be submerged - i know not seems - the truck stop - somebody licked that bone - pot struck - bonehead, doom head has never failed us - miss hull is a violinist studying with josef fuchs - When asked if he had named  Jesse  as an ignoramus, Buckley said, If I didn\rquote t, I should have -. Hitler didn't snub Owens it was FDR that snubbed him -Get out of my way, you black bastard - She's not a woman, she's The Terminator- bre brex brexit- Stacey needs more than one cock to enjoy...israel and nicaragua neither helping peru, weird You know I sure do like a girl with nice tits like yours who talks tough and looks like she can fuck like a bunny. Do you fuck like that? Cause if ya do, I'll fuck you good. Like a big ol' jackrabbit bunny, jump all around that hole. Bobby Peru don't come up for air.I never did a dirty armpit. You can look dirty, but you can\rquote t be dirty. I have done it again!\b0\f0  \b\fs20\par
\b0\fs24\par
\par
\par
\par
}
