{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 BRIM 118\par
\par
Are you getting the main message across? i think so, but i don't have so much repetition or soundbytes...it might be necessary in this age of limited attention spans and commercials. although, the self-propelled cadaver carrier, well who could ask for more hey...\par
How can you keep your audience's attention? prolly by romance or violence but i don't know where i would put-place it, i mean i'm still trying to get the closet doors removed for more space.\par
How do you come across; verbally and physically? it's either the 99 lb weakling on the beach or the rock star daydreamer with poetic tendencies.\par
Are you speaking slowly and clearly? actually i've been going for long silences...\par
What tone of voice are you using? like a major g or d but sometimes it's f sharp...\par
How are you interacting with your graphics? when they send condoms from england i do - \par
Are you keeping to time? it would be too much to keep in mind all the time zones and deep space time you know with light speeds and all so i can't respond to this question honestly...\par
\par
\par
BRIM 119 \par
\par
our brim satellite shows plenty of penis pushing southwards across a variety of bitches bringing light sperm and drizzle fluids with clearer sex to the west a mass of oral in the Ass  then high and low tits and clear bras for most of  pushups but gays and trans pushing from the Northern areas will be mainly celibate but porno and  late night cable tv will push in to the far west an overcast night with spells of jizz across blanket drying breezy with moderate to fresh winds by morning. sales and the hookers will be dry cold and frosty with clear solicitations of hey mister and even misses  in the south west tonight although it will be fairly mild a cold and dry night in the married with affair and plenty of clear spells with players will drop down to around zero to minus 2 degrees  in central  areas 3 to 5 degrees wildly to the west tomorrow fuckboys will only reach 4 \endash  6 degrees  in many central eastern parts 8 \endash  10 degrees in the west even when hoes go wet tomorrow with plenty of panty liner even sleet oh well drier and brighter on Friday - Saturday will see further outbreaks of catcalls.\par
\par
\b\fs16 BRIM 120\par
\par
My name is work in progress writer of brim. Commander of the ink of the North realm. General of the Felix the cat Legions. Loyal servant to the true Emperor, Richard Milhous Nixon. Father to a murdered daughter, husband to a jailed wife \endash  and I will have my vengeance, in this life or the next.\par
work in progress writer of brim, call for you on line three. I will take it in my office. Yes I got the document and yes i agree on the matter of drone strikes. unsustainable. thusly we have been lucky that the media is so concerned with frivolity. now then about project cloud. As i see it, the enhanced methods worked and they worked well however as we have discovered indeed also unsustainable besides nobody needs to hear the adjective barbaric for crying out loud. I propose we get the job done more or less the way we started except cut out the middle man. reset the black sites and institute arrests via non-intel carriers and when we have enough suspects in the "cloud" then an example castration and i don't mean the testicles i mean the member, remember the important of visuals and for heaven's name no vcr or cam or whatever they are now called those tapes imagine a man like jose rodriguez having to take it in the rear over destroying that evidence!  We cut one off and then a show and tell to the others until we can get the conversation going. going in the right direction. Now the beauty of this plan as opposed to blue sky is that we let them go and do you know why? Yes, exactly! all scientific data points to silence after the fact. a terrorist will say many many things but he is not going to hold up a sign saying they sliced off my johnson like they do with signature drone strikes. I know, it's been a good run what is it now since 98 yeah but twenty years well there needs to be a change and i know some of you are itching to ask what if the detainee is a woman well let's take it one step at a time.  This war has no forseeable end, what we see is israel turning into a totalitarian world power state and their best idea is to knock down houses well we all know the importance of real estate and the deletion of  the protruding reproductive genitalia seems the way to go. extreme, nothing is extreme when our way of life is at stake. now send me those notes on the acoustic and psychological  tactics i hear there is a frequency that can send air pockets into the lung and cause heart failure within seconds.\b0\fs20  \par
\par
\par
\par
\fs18 BRIM 121 This day is called the feast of rally cat:\par
He that outlives this day, and comes safe home,\par
Will stand high when the day is named,\par
And rouse him at the name of rally cat.\par
He that shall live this day, and see old age,\par
Will yearly on the vigil feast his neighbours,\par
And say 'To-morrow is the rally cat:'\par
Then will he strip his sleeve and show his scars.\par
And say 'These wounds I had on rally cat's day.'\par
Old men forget: yet all shall be forgot,\par
But he'll remember with advantages\par
What feats he did that day: then shall our names.\par
Familiar in his mouth as household words...\par
Be in their flowing cups freshly remember'd.\par
This story shall the good man teach his son;\par
And the rally cat shall ne'er go by,\par
From this day to the ending of the world,\par
But we in it shall be remember'd;\par
We few, we happy few, we band of brothers;\par
For he to-day that sheds his blood with me\par
Shall be my brother; be he ne'er so vile,\par
This day shall gentle his condition:\par
And gentlemen on the internet now a-bed\par
Shall think themselves accursed they were not here,\par
And hold their manhoods cheap whiles any speaks\par
That fought with us upon rally cat's day.\fs20\par
}
