{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs16 BRIM 122going back for a billy shakes coup de soliloquy won't keep you updated on the slang, fmg is not strictly the obliteration operation but also fresh money gangsters or moreover fuck me good...\par
it's that i really love cats and that kitten well gosh rally cat forever! fine, but let's get back to some sort of narrative. sure; Not everything wroted by a writer is in fact created from within. I can, for example envision the ghost of Caravaggio guiding the lyrics to Pink Floyd; you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking... The sun sizzled soon after dawn alike a testicle frying in extra virgin olive oil.  White supremacy is all we've ever knowed with the possible exception of motown. Still, I wonder why they were calling it a white nationalist gathering.  White Nationalism...Weird, wasn't it alt right recently...I shut the windows hoping to avoid the sun's heat as it was hot enough with the steamy lover holding half my bed hostage. I didn't want to think of anything but her, but this charlottesville virginia story was seeping in from every cell phone i owned.  i had just been through parts of the states and aside from the quirks it all felt so wonderful uhm it was akin to the fake feeling of hope we all had after the 2008 election before the rug got pulled out from under us except this time round most people seemed agreed that the donald could and would take the feeling and make it real. great again how groovy would that be and i mean for the so called many sides...problem is obviously even if we should not all of us want the same things as was underlined by some copycat driver taking his cue from that new terror tactic of vehicle...On the airplane I thought about the anniversary of tate labianca crimes and that phrase saying the race wars are coming...as my lover smiled at me through the darkness, it hit me; we've not yet escaped the sixties...pink pussy hats! russia! kenya! belarus! venezuela! accoring to the washington post, trump sounds at times just like lyndon b in terms of tactics, it's a neat theory until you take a walk downtown and realize that on the streets it's mostly fresh money gangsters and fuck me good people. I say to no one in particular it's patently clear that more than a few of the white nationalists are not white and right they are for how else are they going to get over on the so called majority?  the name for leadership in africa is dictatorship while in brazil a dark skinned man is murdered every twenty three minutes. thinking it over, America is already great yet greatness might grow even more if allowed. I switch the fan on and turn off the thoughts turning over in my head for similar to the ever failing feminism there is no solution...Michelangelo Merisi hurled himself in vain across the brown sands of a distant beach as the ship sailed away with his paintings...White supremacy is all we've ever known except for the Korean girl  next to me with flesh that melts me everytime we touch. \par
\par
BRIM 123  awake in the hotel. middle of the night. can't find the light switch. a chainsaw hangover headache making it's way through my skull. doan and siti prolly get up like this having spent half the night convincing themselves that they are elsewhere only awake still confined.  finding the fixture i fling my penis into a peeing posture. something disconnects the chainsaw. thi houng and aishya  have never been through such a long august and september. even for myself october feels an ocean away.  it's going to be like having bacon in your pasta for the first time and wondering why you've not always had it this way.  all this news and hardly a word over semen i mean yemen yeah man the world is ending over in aden hodeida mukalla sana yemeni and no age restrictions for marriage...have you met an eight year old that is simply your slice of yes ma'am well semen i mean yemen how does it happen let me not ask for i've seen what happens when you ask too many questions or can't you hear nobody's talking not really not no more...it's nigger hunting season, oh you are being paranoid...they hate women, come on it's the intellect they dislike! a white man can't get no satisfaction, please you got trump what more can you want? as a muslim i feel only allah understands me, no we prefer blow jobs...  israel can't allow another hitler, well go right on ahead and cut off any head that peeks over the fence... pence vp 46 going o'biden got nothing on me too bad i can't unkaren myself here in cartagena boy oh boy all the secret service people got nothing to say about these whores except right and tight what's that honey yes yes the art therapists i can't wait...as for me, i got my jethro tull record and for my money there is no other flute in all rock and roll music save for ian anderson.  \par
\par
\fs14 brim 124 Having left America, inky directed his steps towards korea, and crossing the Peninsula, soon found himself at busan. He then fixed his residence in the house of a hotel; and soon occupied himself in tracing the faded records of recent news upon his cell phone that apparently, ashamed of not being an iphone of freemen only before google slaves, had hidden it beneath the sheltering pillows. Under the same roof as himself, existed that being, so beautiful and delicate, that she might have formed the model for a painter wishing to  spray on canvass the promised hope of the faithful in Mahomet's paradise, save that her eyes spoke too much mind for any one to think she could belong to those who had no souls.  oh polidori you are going to get me in deep shit. As she danced against his dick, or tripped along the ball's side, one would have thought the gazelle a poor type of her beauties; for who would have exchanged her eye, apparently the eye of animated nature, for that sleepy luxurious look of the animal suited but to the taste of guam. The light of music and love often accompanied inky in his search after tits and truth, and often would the unconscious girl, engaged in the pursuit of a led zeppelin butterfly, show the whole beauty of her form, floating as it were upon the wind, to the eager gaze of him, who forgot the letters he had just decyphered upon an almost effaced bed, in the contemplation of her sylph-like figure. Often would her tresses falling, as she flitted around, exhibit in the sun's ray such delicately brilliant and swiftly fading hues, it might well excuse the forgetfulness of the writer, who let escape from his mind the very object he had before thought of vital importance to the proper interpretation of a passage in the press. But why attempt to describe charms which all feel, but none can appreciate?\emdash It was innocence, youth, and beauty, unaffected by crowded critic-rooms and stifling politics. Whilst he wrote those remains of which he wished to preserve a memorial for his future hours, she would stand by, and watch the magic effects of his penis, in pulsing the senses of her native place; she would then describe to him the circling dance upon the open legs, would say, to him in all the glowing colours of youthful memory, the marriage pomp she wished to view in her backyard; and then, turning to subjects that had evidently made a greater impression upon her mind, would tell him all the supernatural tales of certain films. Her earnestness and apparent belief of what she narrated, excited the interest even of inky; and often as she told him the tale of the movie, which had passed years amidst coats and ties, forced every year, by feeding upon the life of a lovely viewer to prolong his existence for the ensuing months, his celluloid would run cold, whilst it attempted to laugh her out of such idle and horrible fantasies; but Iove cited to him the names of even older movies, who had at last detected one living among themselves, after several of their near relatives and children had been found marked with the stamp of the fiendish appetite; and when she found him so incredulous, she begged of him to believe her, for it had been, remarked, that those who had dared to question their existence, always had some proof given, which obliged them, with grief and heartbreaking, to confess it was true. She detailed to him the traditional appearance of these movies, and his horror was increased, by hearing a pretty accurate description of documentaries; he, however, still persisted in persuading her, that there could be no truth in her fears, though at the same time he wondered at the many coincidences which had all tended to excite a belief in the supernatural power of  tabu a story of the south seas the thought of which brought him again to howard hughes' macau and the starting notes of this work in progress, thank ye john william. Not just you, everybody. Everybody's lonely and worried and sorry. Everybody's looking for something\fs16\par
}
