{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs18 BRIM 129\par
\par
I kissed her, a long hard lip-lock. Because Chloe didn't know it, but Kim Jong Nam was gone, and in a way I couldn't have loved her more. "Well, now, Chloe," I said, "you've got your concert panties in an uproar and all over nothing. I was thinking about the dog problem. "I've got some dogs. I can get some more. A lot of them." "Yeah?" "I can, inky. I know I can! the studio's crazy about me and dumb as hell. I'll bet if they  thought I was going to show tits, he--"   "Who?" I said. "Who are you talking about, chloe?"\par
\par
"Mr Moneybags. You know who he is, don't you?" "Yeah," I said. "Yeah, I know the moneybags right well. How do you figure on taking them down?"\par
\par
We talked it over, lying there on her bed together, and off in the night somewhere the howling voice of ruby seemed to whisper to forget it, forget it, inky, it's not too late if you stop now. You can leave and take me with you so i never have to see any cages again. And I did try, God knows I tried. But right after that, right after the voice, her hand gripped one of mine and kneaded it between her thighs; and she moaned and shivered and so I didn't forget.\par
\par
"Well," I said, after a time, "I suppose we can work it out. The way I see it is, if at first you don't canine, bark, and bark again." "oh, darling?" "In other words," I said, "where there's a puppy there's a way." She moaned a little, and then she squirted. "Oh, inky, you're as cute as ruby ! I think I will put you both in the same room!" I could hear Ruby's yelp, Satan get thee behind me. But right after that, right after the yelp, her hand gripped mine again but not to let go this time; and she held me so that the dog's howl drifted away through the unlocked door where memories go to become distant and so I kissed her again.\par
a long and intense peck.\fs20\par
\b\par
\fs10 brim 130    KLIA - teleplay\par
\par
doan thi huong\par
  inkrealm\par
  s. aishya\par
\par
August 25,2017\par
\par
                         SEQUENCE "A" \par
  A-l   START                          the picture with the actual airport sign:\par
          KLIA, set in a neon yellow glow.\par
          In the corridors burning colors, signs and signals,\par
          stray travelers and unattended luggage.  It is early\par
          morning.\par
          Now the CAMERA leaves the sign and MOVES ACROSS, the\par
          grey asphalt of the entrance filling the screen.  As\par
          speed accelerates to a breezy flight level, traffic signs, white arrows, \par
          limit warnings,    taxis, etc., flash by.  SUPERIMPOSED on all\par
          this are the CREDIT TITLES, in the stencilled style\par
          of the airport sign.\par
          Over the scene we now hear                               KIM JONG NAM'S VOICE\par
          sirens.  Police and investigation                       Yes, this is Kuala\par
         cars hurtle toward the camera,                        Lumpur, NOT MACAU,\par
          turn off the road into the                                 NOT MY DESTINATION.  It's about\par
          the entrance with squealing                               two o'clock in the\par
          brakes.  Dismounted toxic containment-              morning.  That's the\par
          units stand directing                                           INVESTIGATION Squad, com-\par
          the scene within.                                                  plete with detectives\par
                                                                                 and toxic experts.\par
\par
  A-2                                                                        A murder has been re-\par
          HOLDING CELL                                           ported from one of those\par
                                                                           blurry cctv tapes in the\par
          DOAN  and SITI                                       hallways of this airport.\par
          are being booked as                             You'll read all about\par
          photographers                                        it in your news sources,\par
          jumped out of the cars                      I'm sure.  You'll get\par
          and are running up to                                it on your apps,\par
          the side of the station, \par
          in which a  frenzy of                                and see it on tele\par
           activity is seen unfolding.                      vision -- because a\par
          Photographers' bulbs                           contender to a throne is in-\par
          flash in rapid suc-                                 volved.  one of the most notorious\par
          cession.                                     .             north korea, you see. But before you\par
                                                                          hear it all distorted\par
                                                                             and thrown out of\par
                                                                             proportion, before those\par
                                                                               Hollywood gossip columnists\par
                                                                               get their hands on it,\par
                                                                              maybe you'd like to\par
                                                            hear the facts, the\par
                                                             whole truth...\fs20\par
}
