{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\tx2700\b\f0\fs18 brim 131 It\rquote s really not the smell that everyone\rquote s concerned about,  I don\rquote t think, the old lady stated while i sat there wondering if there should not be laws regarding the ancient and nudity. I was happy that the scent wasn't too disturbing or disrupting. I remembered how it was in the tropics when i left my linen unwashed for months...i drifted away to dreamland while she finished cleaning up and hopefully putting her uniform back where it belonged. \par
\par
I was with my korean lover as I had been earlier and we embraced surrounded by nothing but each other when suddenly i was asked to try the pit...inside the pit was another man and we face each other. too much nearness. his hair caught on fire, possibly from my marlboro and i tried to put it out only to make matters worse. It was then I started hearing the street salesman's refrain from tropics; aguacate lechoza agaucate and it sounded like it was within my skull instead of out on the streets... does it affect time and space when something like that is taken out of context...i got up my heart racing as if i had somewhere to go...The room was dark by then at early evening...Canada\rquote s largest  drilling rig contractor by market capitalization, Precision Drilling, agreed in  December to trade its Canadian coil tubing operations plus 12 million to Essential \par
Energy Services in return for Essential\rquote s service rig business which led me to give up my youtube for a fraction of the cost. \par
\par
The phone rang and I found myself in conversation with Hosni. And how is the hoe. I had not thought about the hoe in some time and I said as much adding that she was most likely back in lafayetteville averaging 3 to 6 sexual encounters a day. I thanked him again for all his help in these matters and told him about the  The Lady Leopards and their 29-4 record season...We giggled in friendly unison and before hanging up I asked his opinion on the theory that perhaps the wife had done the deed on kim jong nam or maybe even the mistress...either could be jealous of the other and it would not be the first time in history that a lady macbeth returned to the stage...\par
\par
BRIM 132 in dallas you got the texas lotto the powerball the mega millions the cash five the daily four the pick three and the texas two step....but you know who that is for right yeah so the way to bring your dreams to life is this weather hardware,  i mean go right ahead and think about it it will make your head spin harder than reagan in the exorcist...harvey, LO and behold, a hurricane remote control category settings right on time rockport may the weather con air pay per custom blinds right on the heels of look what you made me vertigo now how far the rabbit hole you wanna go alice airplane starship ozark action cut action call to schedule we call it synchronicity bringing the showroom to you! our great rates are a gift to you...harvey harvard gen lee forget about it and subject to change at any time without notice...boko...why not find out if regenerative medicine is right for your stem cell...implants no we can direct the brain waves via smart phones i mean sure some people are woodheaded so we had our best minds get to work on something and they came up with an optic position for the devices which requires equipment at least a box thanks google but you know how people are they are go getters hell there's a thousand tutorials on how to build it yourself...why no lenses, use cut out plastic glue it together and inject it with water there you go lenses...who could ask for anything more! exterior shutters, well no the skull modem is not yet perfected...but wait!!! walk in thoughts, it all adds up to the miracle...the right thinking for the right job...it's all clicking.  now i know you are itching to ask how it would appear on your portfolio well right under "energy and metals" don't you see?  all the algorythm has pointed us in your direction, inky. why not get in on the ground floor now! also, stop asking about yemen, we are killing the enemy as much as possible.\par
\par
\fs14 BRIM 133\par
The  Austin  man  is  suing  a woman for $17.31 after she  texted  repeatedly during  Guardians  of \par
the Galaxy Vol. 2  a threat  to civilized  society!  - Oh  my God. This is  crazy , she  said I  had  my phone  low  and  I  wasn \rquote t bothering  anybody ,  It wasn \rquote t  like constant texting...Tim  League,  said  he\rquote d \par
give the austin man  a gift certificate for $17.31 if  he  drops the  \ldblquote ridiculous\rdblquote   case...\par
\par
He never even posted pictures of me on social media! six children but only one is listed in his wikipedia page. it's the work of that former flight attendant. I am a woman and i have feelings. even if national dog  and women equality came on the same day we are not dogs! well maybe that flight attendant is a bitch. he was always away somewhere kuala lumpur geneva disneyland facebook and you think i had him killed? do you think i would say so if i did?  aren't you from new york city, you should know better.  why don't you ask her, inky? huh? huh. aha. \par
\par
The Brooke Brigade sighed as their golfer failed time and again to blossom upon a field already familiar to her.  The month of August was dwindling down to mere days yet the week's end held promise and even if it didn't her sponsors and her slow witted sister caddy would pray to the golf gods for intervention. The following day she wore a crimson top as if to accent her red blooded determination and before long she was leading the field like paid protesters at a political rally. One could not say if it was in fact prayers or volition. No matter, like money in the bank...as long as it was there...The Brooke Brigade cheered and for my own part I smiled hoping to see how high she would climb into golf heaven. \par
\par
I look over my now long notes,  how long can venezuela wait, do i heed the silence on yemen, will i be able to go all night with farah if she does that squeeze play again when i round the bases, how is there only one picture of kim jong nam's wife in the whole internet,  anyway i might have sued too yes civilized society must be maintained imagine if this happens during a tcm party but it's all crazy ain't it...it prolly weren't her fault she might have been in her constant texting panties. I'm in my lubbock is a greasy spoon pajamas praying for the statue of srv.  next thing you know, he's a white musician stealing from the blues couldn't even read music blah blah blah...now for the record and so doan and siti know we will not drop this case for seventeen dollars and thirty one cents or any such figure why only a few hours ago i read that it was thi huong that vomited when a few months ago it was Aisyah...\par
wow is still a word and the truth can only be two-fold within the intimate love and hate of human relationships not in a newspaper report. \par
\par
}
