{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs14 BRIM 134 - a most likely unnecessary note of clarification not to be confused with californication what with all that rain this afternoon even i thought of buying an umbrella... a. although i am a writer, i did not ever expect to be an editor, a publisher, or much less a technician of posts such as these or what might be found in other internet places. i always figure that you write and you write and you write and somewhere else an editor will edit and a publisher will publish....this has not happened here yet i see no reason to limit my writing as it were for even haphazard pages might produce a goodly paragraph. b. noting this because i noticed how viciously a few people turned when another writer posted a slapdash thought in terms of WHAT IF...i imagined myself tarred and feathered crucified and worse given that some of the writing in BRIM is somewhere well outside the ordinary... c. along these lines, i have no political intentions, that is to win hearts and change minds or whatever...i have some inclination but as i have learned it matters not what you do or believe instead what mattters is the perception...the soundbite the video clip or even a taken out of context phrase...that said, this is a political book from within the political world...the airport act, let us name it as such, brought forth a lot of "diplomacy" and even now people are pointing fingers at the big bopper without a shred of proof....anyway my intention is to write, however, along the way the influence of TRUTH becomes evident and albeit none of my positions have been challenged it might still occur that a FACT will lead me to have new inclinations that is in terms of politics...hell, even dick cheney had a falling out over certain points with george bush. d. having mentioned intentions, i suppose i should iterate clearly that this tome stands to understand a questionable news item presented earlier this year while hopefully defending the rights of two girls and moreover allowing certain unmentionable situations or scenarios to play out freely...funny how free speech is not, let us say in terms of racism, homosexuality, cannibalism, yemen, well i guess it all comes down to geography..in germany if i were to deny the extermination of jews, well, i would be locked up...more than a couple of other writers have stated their opinion only to lose their freedom! now i love germany, but see what happens when mythos overpowers reason well there it was barcelona!  yeah, it's worldwide, the mention of this or that and boom there must be retractions corrections new statements apologies resignations...yes i realize this sounds controversial but it's only example...another would be i love jews, but see what happens when totalitarianism overcomes the founding principals of one's ideology...thou shalt not be so sure...e. the other day, i thought of caitlin davis, here is a name you should know, dear readers, as it sounds all too familiar yeah even famous yet the reason i know it is because she was a girl that got into a high position, no power or purse but still something she wanted...one night she posted an image or two on social media and suddenly tarred and feathered crucified and worse could not continue in her position all for a media outcry of oh my how could someone do something so vile! the villany? marking up a drunk at a party with questionable and or sexual symbols...now then, for this and other reasons there is this page, this clarification...a lot of what one reads are one's own thoughts which is why the bard might be adapted in a hundred thousand ways...i am presenting you, as it were...for i am as are all writers and artists your servant, your court jester, a troubador...perhaps this song will liberate a couple of girls from vietnam and indonesia and in the process help me learn a thing or two about it all. \b0\fs20\par
\par
\par
\b\fs14 BRIM 135  The stars swam in the night sky. Waves of clouds danced slowly across evening. Something was getting to me, but it always had been...Busan felt florescent in a way that other cities did not...I had stopped asking the old maid to put her clothes on, partly having got used to it and partly happy that it wasn't a man. Love will do strange things to a person and I had come to love Korea. In fact, for all i cared the tea was food. \par
\par
I had made some recordings and hoped that in the time to come they might bring back the happier moments of these swiftly passing days.  I sat, while waiting for my girlfriend and trying to type up some words, wondering over the present frenzy attempting to seduce my thoughts... \par
\par
Technology, i postulated...the internet and such. Sure. something like that, i supposed. Well, there was that and also the other side of the frenzy...the put-down side, a mean spirited movement ruining my roundelay...it made me wonder, am i even still myself as i tried to still myself enough to distill my mind into writing... i decided of course as i always do that nobody is who they were anymore. in fact everybody is simply who they have become...evolution. obviously, some people are deluded or even possessed by demons but nonetheless not the same as they were earlier. \par
\par
There was a conversation I had with wolfgang, many years ago. we sat there unconcerned with the hour, drinking, coat buttons glowing by the candlelight, wigs slanted, artful grins adorning our faces...\par
\par
I think now, how much he would have loved magazines...anyway, the conversation went along the lines of the theory that we might be living in reverse and if so would not the act of birth actually be...Yes, I countered, except there is often death in that very situation and so this philosophy cannot stand as you yourself old hound are likely to wobble and fall were you to rise and attempt to traverse the foyer and reach the road outside...\par
\par
His response, still haunts me. There was a giggle, nearly a soprano's cackle and then he said, that is a good observation yet how is it that the same cannot be said for death's situation? \par
\par
all this time, all these years and i am yet dumbfounded, confounded...for in many or most instances what is true at one end is usually true at the other...The sun rises to day. The sun sets to night. I usually trip into fantasy with the response, well, it is a human condition not celestial settings but obviously way too late. \par
\par
I told him, perhaps it does happen but at a distance. A valid idea which lacked any enthusiasm of conviction for being removed in space still or indeed a person might perish and another might be born elsewhere you see.\par
\par
 true yet far-fetched, if you catch my meaning.  His eyes glanced at nothing in particular as if the music playing in his mind had suddenly captured his attention again and sighed like a man desperately wishing that he were dead only to be, finally born. \par
\par
I playback one of the recordings, nothing genius but it might be genuine...what is music if not the evening awaiting the dawn.\b0\fs20  \par
\par
\par
BRIM 136\par
                                            BRIM MAN - final draft 108\par
\par
joyce; Did you see where this came from? Out of the sky, liberals.\par
Frances: Typical of the inkrealm to place his lethal weapon inside a book.\par
twitter creep: inkrealm? \par
margaret: Sorry, citizen. literary business. You'd better move along.\par
Hosni: Good luck, inky.\par
Inky: Thank you. I just watched MR BROOKS.\par
Brim Man: You could still read the cover. For whom the bell tolls.\par
ANN It's the grimmest warning we've ever had.\par
BRIM MAN: Warning? Hemingway's title.\par
ANN: It's from a poem by John Donne. Do not ask for whom the bell tolls.\par
         It tolls for thee.\par
inky: Phew.\par
James: No clues here, Brim Man.\par
Frances: No secret writing.\par
Lorde: It's just what it looks like. A perfectly ordinary sophomore effort.\par
inky: Darn it all.\par
twitter creep: I'm still positive there's some reason why he chose this particular book.\par
ANN: Maybe it was the only one of right size.\par
BRIM MAN No, ann, no. You see, I know how this fiend's mind works.\par
                 He prepares every super-crime like the frustrated novelist he is.\par
                 Every page, every chapter is an integral part of one stolen plot.\par
              Even that charade at page 134 this morning.\par
\par
\\\par
\par
\par
\par
}
