{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs14 brim 138\par
\par
yes the second 136 should be 137...it was a motorcycle accident. i said talk to him, not break his bones. things happen, can't be helped. well, now he might not ever make another movie. No, no, he'll be back won't be able to handle it, I mean the ghost of arthur miller would be enough to get anybody out of the house. The pictures don't look, he looks dazed, drugged out i don't know...I wouldn't worry he always takes a few years...Well, if he takes anymore he won't have any time left. Who the hell rides a bike in New York City anyway...\par
I was trying to get back into my work, my book, all right our book...it was still a good three weeks before october and the trial...I had time, but maybe I had too much time...Anywhere this happens, doubt creeps in...Idle hands...People start in on thinking...Even elvis costello crossed my mind...It only took my little finger to blow you away...watching the news, here in south korea, i notice it gets to a boiling point and well no explosion instead the weather orgasm...I had some family a few friends not to mention minion and feral cats back in the tropics and well the talk of irma with jose up the ass of it had me concerned...now when they called, as they usually do in cases of panic, now you seek the protection of hassan sabbah...well what could i do...i can only be myself, look here get every able bodied fat ass dominican up to the north and gas em up, make sure they are good and gassy then line them up and let the farts blow eastwardly...will it work? my guess is as good as yours but what have we got to loose! flatulence has always been an underrated weapon of war.\par
i turned my attention to making love, often i would now be made to wait more and more...something to do with the gym or makeup removal rituals...as it turned out the last time i was saddled up and riding, riding hard and high into the mountains of misty magic when suddenly farah ottolux appeared and i was not certain how to proceed...does one continue into the finish or offer the newly arrived guest a libation? thankfully her father was not with her this time and took some of the pressure off. I decided to introduce the lovers to each other however the spongey liquids were of no help...She claimed to now love me and proposed marriage. I felt flattered like a wallet kept in the front pocket instead of the backside. You aren't pregnant are you? No! Is it your sister, is she pregnant look I gotta think, you know that meatloaf song, sure it's paradise but then he's praying for the end of time to hurry up and arrive...plus, michael isn't here and i need to consult with him before i make any drastic choices. Now the thought of a threesome struck a chord but just as soon the knowledge that you can't ride two horses with one behind illuminated me back to my senses. I changed the subject entirely...How about this crazy weather. climax change, countered the korean with an argh.  I can't think of sun or rain without wanting you, my inky. It was going to be a long night. who the fuck is daniel day lewis, the maid came in naked again but i had started visualizing her with a penis for some reason and looked away explaining that at last check he was lincoln. Like the penny,  farah exclaimed. Yes, i agreed or the five dollar bill. There was nothing else to do, it seemed, having exhausted ourselves on youtube videos, so there is more than one taylor swift now...oh dear heaven hailee's vocals on that track is saintly...yes but too bad the lyrics ain't like most girls...miley looks real thin i heard she graduated from pot to coke...dude lorde looks like she really is on dope...pinky and the toe were just saying daniel day looks wasted...we went into an asexual sleep and i dreamt we were all watching king kong from 33 but something was missing and i awoke suddenly to invoke good wishes upon doan and siti the inspiration for this work in progress.\par
\par
}
