{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs14 BRIM 139  two days in a row i dream of a different woman, exciting, international panties. I get up so thrilled that it should be illegal at least in religious language...i like her however in the aftermath of thought's contemplation it suddenly becomes hollow...void of attraction since there is nothing to talk about and more and more yes i don't like the act of speaking...that was always a favorite line from my typewriter; this much talk is too much tape. \par
\par
still, it makes me wonder...when attraction overwhelms the ability to distinguish what is good for your self. and why she is in my dream...getting up there is an inescapable pull towards argument...usually something spanish, some crossed signal, a message meant for the other side of somewhere and yet here it is sort of like the clown of contradiction, hey why not start a fight with all the people you like..like lookit i was trying to write down some notes...well that didn't work, let's have the patrol buffoons flash their red lights..i am not amused. in fact, distraught enough to put down my work for a couple of days...why this sort of thing could kill someone...no he had these evidence drugs plant see...no he resisted arrest...there is no solution except to hope...all right a fart joke is immature and maybe you are jealous you didn't think of it first...are these the words of the all powerful boards syndicates cartels....but to send agents all the way to my korea!\par
\par
two dogs are chasing each other in circles, everything goes in circles except life and death as mozart pointed out...the stop suddenly as if hypnotized and hug the wall with their beaks pointing upward in perfect unison... mephistopholes does not appear but some days later a vixen speaks to me as we cross each other on the avenue...she is carrying a broom, a broom stick with a very large broom, dragging it along the walkway behind her like it's too heavy or something...the ancient blues song spins inside my thoughts and all of this is interrupted by tits a few steps away. \par
\par
the stairs are very much like the ones leading to the courtyard where one goes to meet philip jeffries and yes the lynch scenes have been revolving in my head much more than any other experience, i expect it's all the folks tryng to figure EVERYTHING out...i sort of try too, but i catch myself wondering why...i don't know what any of his films are ALL about and i do know it's not required for anything so what is going down? it was beautiful with cinematic intensity and if you listened to it you'd be satisfied. i know i am yet it seems that some majority are demanding some other type of satisfaction...imagine doing all that and people still come after you and even me like detectives in a ditch of disjointed celluloid scenes...let's say it's meant to be viewd with binoculars, yeah use bushnell as pretext to this theory...omfg...somebody syncd all 18 episodes together...when you are about to have that third pint of ice cream well, like the cowboy said, stop for a little second, think about it, can you do that for me? \par
\par
in the dream i was with farah, yet suddenly, music rose alike the jumping man in the mask...it was an olden spanish song...nice vibe to it, overtones, a xylophone maybe...i get up knowing i've been possessed, overtaken, overruled, i'm not me yet i'm awake and still there's a river of questions, questions in a world of blue most definitley...i get back to myself way too late to even want to worry about what it might have been. i know what i've seen and all i can say is i hope enough "fans" understand how much they might be hurting this project we all admire with that relentless probing...uhm i knew we didn't deserve it, but please don't use me a conduit for theories, there is, for myself, only one and that is that was exceptional. i know, i know, but remember, i could never catch the bus to pomona. \par
\par
BRIM 140  is it that the sex robots could kill you or see kay elle? i think it's the girls in college. especially now when everyone is so worried about appearance and having to use a new bathroom.  President Hatcher, Governor Romney, Senators McNamara and Hart, Congressmen Meader and Staebler, and other members of the fine Michigan delegation, members of the graduating class, my fellow Americans. It is a great pleasure to be here today...a ration card for the news, why is myanmar suddenly back to burma? new hurly burly...DEFOREST—Michael A. Gerke, age 56, passed away unexpectedly on Saturday, Sept. 9, 2017, at his home in DeForest He was born on March 17, 1961 I came out here today very anxious to meet the Michigan student whose father told a friend of mine that his son's education had been a real value. It stopped his mother from bragging about him.\par
I have come today from the turmoil of your Capital to the tranquility of your campus to speak about the future of your country. George John Alt, age 67, passed away unexpectedly on Thursday, Sept. 7, 2017, on what would have been his mother's 99th birthday. From his unexpected arrival, two months premature, through his final tractor ride, George lived life to the fullest. But most of all, the Great Society is not a safe harbor, a resting place, a final objective, a finished work. It is a challenge constantly renewed, beckoning us toward a destiny where the meaning of our lives matches the marvelous products of our labor.So I want to talk to you today about three places where we begin to build the Great Society: in our cities, in our countryside, and in our classrooms.\par
Many of you will live to see the day, perhaps 50 years from now, when there will be 400 million Americans, four-fifths of them in urban areas. In the remainder of this century urban population will double, city land will double, and we will have to build homes, and highways, and facilities equal to all those built since this country was first settled. So in the next 40 years we must rebuild the entire urban United States. Helen Evelyn (Rollette) Cunningham, age 100, died peacefully at home surrounded by her children...Austria has banned wearing a full facial veil in public places, the latest move by a European country to restrict expressions of Muslim identity seen as contrary to Western secular values. \par
the new bulldogs volleyball will face holy redeemer...about two weeks away from the trail and malaysia plays its trump card but i love that the apprentice one is a millionaire, the pope should be a millionaire too, wouldn't be so upset that dick cheney secured batman for the role...i tell you it's menopause change, can they hear me? what is it was kevin kline too busy? i wonder if they will allow me a cameo appearance...christian bale can be heard screaming for another piece of cherry pie in the back oh look no synonym for background...another fucking conspiracy! i told you not to order that sex doll, ming world purrs. my belief is we will in fact be greeted as liberators. \par
\par
}
