{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs16 BRIM 141 -If she had thought her twitter into liberal chattering meant the end of conservatism or apprenticeship to Maga, she was quite wrong. she wasn't immediately set free to wallow in the joys of hillary on what happened tv...\par
The night after my dream with ann coulter, my education began in earnest. I was to be prepared now not for a temporal life but for love. Hillary gave me to know that she had been sitting on her fanny sipping umbrella drinks like a vampire all year, no, she had searched all over the world for a ghostwriter. Secretive, suspicious and often miserably lonely, the wanderers of the blank page, as inkrealm called them, were often ill prepared for immortality and made nothing of their existence but a string of dreary disasters until despair consumed them and they immolated themselves through some ghastly overdose, or by going into the light of the press. \par
As for the other chloe, who had managed to withstand the passage of weirdness and comedy, she was for the most part still haunted, seeking for herself pictures in which she could reign supreme among instagram mortals, driving off fledglings who attempted to share her territory, even if it meant destroying creatures of her own kind. \par
Demcrats were the undisputed masters of deception, their hunting preserve in the media was still intact, and their own private arena in which they could preside over the games which the yet unrepealed had chosen played out without a glitch. It was difficult for me, a white boy, to feel the need of self-hatred or to have to applaud every screaming pundit from the department of etiquette. Yet, what else could I do, I long admired annie rice yet now she had become a shill for a traitor. should I as much? When she wrote me, I always wondered what she meant yet now it seems not to matter what she intended instead what matters is this push against the apprentice one...\par
"There is nothing I can do," he said, "my home in the island was destroyed and nobody cared. You must listen to what I say because my lessons are first and foremost lessons in survival; the wall will come later on."  The primary lesson was that we stand only against "the evildoer." This had once been, in the foggiest reaches of our time, a solemn commission to manifest destiny, and indeed there had been a dim religion surrounding us in antique puritan days in which the republicans had been worshiped as bringers of justice to those who had done wrong. \par
"We shall never again let these threats surrounding us and the mystery of our powers stand. We are not infallible. Yet we have a commission from God and a few corporations. We wander the Earth like the giant felines of the great jungles, and have no more claim upon those that want to kill me or pence than any creature that seeks to live and vote. \par
"But this fake news principle and that saying of her innocence will drive you mad. Believe me when I tell you that for your peace of mind you must not even feed on Bernie lies, you must learn to love America in all her filth and degeneracy, and you must thrive on the visions of wall and repeal that will inevitably fill your heart and soul during this term."\b\par
 \par
 \par
}
