{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 @KaiTi;}{\f2\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Courier;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs14 BRIM 144 - fly day if teen right in the middle of the month of semen other wheres known as stepamber...i got up at three in the morning with the heat trying to murder my hair, mayhem my air...i hear something and it's alike a question...i look it up to make certain since being prolific takes away any chance one might have at remembering a page or passage from a page...i'm  not saying this to say i've wroted a lot, i have but the words only come to make note and the response as far as my research and re-check of it is that there is no certainty over the origin of the word bali...of course, given all the weirdness it might actually be about the shoes...bally...hmm switzerland...you can see zurich from across the evian championship...it had started with rain and the event became less holy -a play on words- yet it was all sunny and some of the women wore spandex, brooke wore a vest...silver and attractive...still she was not doing too well, out of the top ten at this point...i had the leftovers but i could not enjoy anything as it seemed my game room was turned into a transporter room and there i was caught in some spanish argument that some neighbor might be having or had...so sad, downright bad...i cheered for a few minutes anyway especially for the players that i had seen or heard yet had not been presented on day one...it was raining here as if korea and france had switched locations...i was thinking about puddles and how unfair it is to see so much vulgarity when you search the name ludivine sagnier on twitter...even ironic given that it includes the word divine...with divine authority ms ottolux demanded that i dress up as a polo sports figure which i refused, for the sake of brevity...wit's soul...why not get right to the point? we can rub and pretend we're porn hub and then i will light a cigarette until it's time to stamp out the stub...filling the tub to save the saliva she's left on my body and that other fluid, i was thinking; this is what it's like in the real world when you have a boyfriend...incest incest is is the best...i been stitches scientists...now they said the mother came in with the gadget knife and even the twelve year old daughter was sliced some yet i am not sure about this story or any sentence that says sumbuddy got stabbed in the head...it's like najib saying malaysia has billions to give to you mr trump, if you let me have the golden girl...why is coulter so cut...this disturbance in the force is troubling me...worse, rice as if being paid directly by the clinton foundation doubles down by attacking people that wroted bad reviews! tired of statues, the folk started in on hats...fictun sure, but you cannot make this sort of thing up not even when you are down...downtown...yes hello ms locklear, can't this wait? you know what they say about cell phones and driving...i was in tj hooker and i don't feel you gave me enough screen time, inky...i admire your pictures very much but there's no chance in hell that this will be a movie, not even cronenberg would come near it but i;ve got other scripts, let me speak with hosni and see if he can get some backers for an egyptian thing i been thinking about it's great uhm there will be nazis in hiding and while i don't have any women parts you sure would make a great narrator on the other hand we could cast you in the role of one of the male leads which might even be a better idea. heather's mind freezes at trying to decide between a prosthetic penis or perhaps a pair of socks at her crotch and as she looks into the rearview mirror for her manly side she finds that the porsche has suddenly swirled her into a ditch.. there's an ache at her neck along with the worry over drug addiction accusations and the ambien in the glove compartment...yes, hello? ms locklear? hello? something's wrong, maybe she is out of lux toilet soap...i wonder if i should send her some as i press the disconnect button this is what it's like in the real world when you have a boyfriend...\par
\fs16\par
\par
BRIM 145 - can't we all get along? no. look son, there he go again. sick of these damn fools. xoford dictionary jew word even. has he finished mein kampf. not even, listening to a radio broadcast of bullets and ballots...voting for some reefer smoking bitch's toothbrush, fucking use your finger!  what these freaks don't understand is with all this talk of daca and dreams and bacardi and not feeding on still born baby meat is that what we really want is to not get along. why some people will go out of their way to be left alone. Now in the big house and i hope you don't end up a jail number no way but in there all there is segregation. it's the law of the land. guards on the outside and inmates in their own naturally selected groups. how delicious was that beef? succulent right! like i should throw out the miscarriage? i don't blame your mother for not eating it, in fact i thank her for it. more for us!\par
so i telephoned him and you know what he has the nerve to say? he tells me  that in time most societies will reflect the inherent division that i allude to. do i sound like a man that alludes? he must think i'm on drugs the same as him...ludes, what the living fuck...we are being overrun in nearly every major cities by invading hordes hungry for ali ackerman what is that allah at the bar i don't know...son, it's important to know history...you see that land out there? all that land was mexico and even more. and up north it was all mohicans and our people took it over. if let these liberals and librarians have their way well we are gonna loose it all even alaska and nobody wants to go there, you know. but they'll take it just like we did. you can bet your sister's justin bieber butthole on it. sure is quiet in her room, you think she got knocked up by some coolie? i wouldn't be surprised. hell, i'd be happy to shake the shit out her vagina and have us some dark meat for a change. winslow told me it tasted like undercooked bacon which might not be bad. now what is it that you wanted to oh sure go ahead yes you should get her some pills, make them tylenol extra or something that ain't them sugar coated aspirin hogwash if there ever was did i tell you the story of how they couldn't sell those packaged placebo pills and so they started saying they were good for other health reasons all you gotta do is take one a day...picture that, millions of people buying it now how much you think they raking up on that story?  here's the cash and don't even let it cross your mind to bring the brat no teen vogue. I been hearing stories about that rag. go ahead, now don't make your mother wait. caint be easy after loosing the belly. oh yeah see if you can remember to ask if the fleshlights came in. \par
\b0\fs20\par
\b\f1\fs14 brim 146 - \lang2057 "It is good of you to come and pull on my white bucket in a london shopping bag, my self propelled corpse carrier. But you are not sold. Let us talk, and you will be confused."\par
the germ, who had already put her hesitation aginst the rio voodoo, thrust it in a little farther with the statement, it was supposed to be hot not cold...encouraged by such sweet words; inky then he took woody allen's masturbation class...\par
michael had in his, tried in vain to not think of the poodle and drew himself still nearer to making peace with ms farah ottolux, till she was clinging to him very closely. "Farah, finally and inky's hole!" he said again. He had\par
never before been in so sweet a mood with her. Talk with him? Yes; she would talk with him all through the night if he would let her. How it warmed her heart that michael anderson thought of the poodle whilst slapping the salami!  Instead of turning\par
again over the past as she had expected, he took her back into the inkrealm, not bearing round to the cave in the direction below the known domain, but going up the hill into the large square towering babble of twitter, which inky claims was coined by atwood on the sly and is yet covered by the overhanging threats of expulsion for divulging certain emotions perhaps bestiality but surely what they call hate speech except if one is a liberal threatening elected officials then it is all right...as david duke put placed it, what a time to be alive...as is common for avoidance of heat i look for a copy of the national enquirer while michael anderson and farah ottolux engage in talking once again injecting their friendship with revival. Here, under the observation of corporations tryng to see which aspect of our past would make more profit for this series that ad or even a particular search result, it\par
was very dark back in the cell and i feared that doan and siti were being drugged, slowly to secure dull stupidity when and if consulate emissaries visited...oh they have not been sleeping well at night, up from the nap...how about our najib buying all those airplanes! Would you like to sniff some glue with the guards?  as for myself i was untroubled, even if suspicion fell on me for whatever reason a quick glance through realism would prove i was only occupied with writing each angle, the music of angels and once in a while the hollywood squares where nobody seemingly got along and somehow unbridled hate hurried through the townhall all against 46 to think of it it's as if he were playing the role of 44 in the open spaces of irony, what happened hung there from a dull ghost writer, it takes a ghost writer was long ago revealed. The poodle presented me with a cushion. i knew this meant things would work out but i wondered when...i voted blue, blue is the color of my room. sound yes i said no other chloe yet vision demanded the mention. i hope they are both well. serious as oil, the minutes dispersed and then the hours until i was left with lamp; but other lights were lingering in my imagination as i longed for the days when england slept.\b0\f2\fs24  \lang1033\f0\fs20\par
}
