{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs16 brim 147 -  the inky afterglow or i wrote a whole book in half an hour\par
\par
\par
CHAPTER ONE - IT WERE GENEVA NOT ZURICH  CAST DOWN CHRISSIE TELLS ME SATAN AIN'T PLEASED - YOU MEAN IT'S POSIBLE TO MAKE THAT DEAL - WELL, YOU AIN'T HEARD IT FROM ME BUT WHY DO YOU THINK A CAR COMPANY MADE A MODEL CALLED SOUL - ALL RIGHT BUT LET US NOT SCARE THE CHILDREN - i'M GONNA KILL THAT GOAT DON'T YOU KNOW IT - WHAT A LOVELY DAY, DOCTOR FAUST WHERE IS MY ASS? i WAS SURE IT WAS HERE EARLIER? WHERE COULD IT HAVE GONE, I SWEAR I HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THE TRAVELING PANTS - PERHAPS YOU PUT IT IN THE FRIDGE OR LEFT IT OUT...NO WAIT WHAT ABOUT THAT MERCEDES AD IT SAID YOU COULD LEASE IT...SHE'S IN DUBLIN AND THEN I TURNED TO FIND MY OWN BOOTY! HOWEVER THE POSTERIOR YAY SOON GAVE WAY TO WAIT WHY WON'T IT STOP...SPEAK YOU DEVILISH DERRIER ARE YOU TRYING TO TELL ME SOMETHING? RAINBOW IN FRANCE! i MAKE A SIT DOWN SMOKE IN THE HOT TUB -PRONOUNED IN ELONGATED SYLLABLES AT LEAST TWO SECONDS EACH, H---O-----T  T------U--------B WHICH IS FILLED WITH COLD WATER IT'S ONLY EARLY AFTERNOON BUT SOON ENOUGH IT'S NEARLY LATE NIGHT AND I SAY TO MYSELF WHY NOT WRITE A BOOK WITHIN A BOOK USING THE OUTLINE FROM THAT RECORD. sURE, I AGREE AND RUN DOWN THE BLANK PAGE LIKE A PEACE OFFICER UPSET AND SPOOKED ALL THE SAME TIME WHICH REGARDLESS OF RACE ONE UNDERSTANDS DON'T YOU KNOW IT...\par
\par
BRIM 148\par
\par
nOT HAVING HAD A HAIR CUT IN SEVERAL YEARS I FOUND MYSELF BAFFLED BY A DREAM IN A BARBERSHOP - EAST SIDE MOLESKIN MEMORY - GETTING UP FROM MADISON AVENUE i START THINKNG OF THE DATE SET THE SET DATE OCTOBER SECOND WHICH IS THE REASON FOR ALL THESE WORDS THAT IS KIM JONG NAM WAS REPORTEDLY MURDERED BY POISON IN AN AIRPORT WHERE MANY WERE CAUGHT YET ONLY A COUPLE OF GIRLS GOT PINNED ON THE JUSTICE MAT NOW THEN THIS HAS BEEN ONGOING SINCE FEBRUARY OH DAVID VALENTINE TOLD ME WHO'S THE GIRL FEELING HE'S TREASURED MOST OF ALL YOU COULDN'T HAVE BEEN IN THE WAR! I DON'T MEAN THE CIVIL WAR i MEAN THE SPANISH AMERICAN WAR...DATES AND VENUES AND EVEN JUDGES HAVE BEEN CHANGED MEANWHILE THERE HAS BEEN ZERO NEWS ON THE BURIAL OR CREMATION OF THE CORPSE WHIH LEADS ONE TO ASK IS SOME WORLD POWER STAGING IT ALL TO BRING HIM BACK LATER IF THEY DECIDE TO BLOW UP THE NORTH OF THE KOREAS? aRE THESE THE WORDS OF THE ALL POWERFUL BOARDS SYNDICATES AND CARTELS...YOU WANNA NARCO LOCATION SI SI HOMBRE WE GIVE IT TO YOU!  NOW YOU LYING DEAD ON THE BARROOM FLOOR, HE BEEN ON THE JOB TOO LONG OF COURSE WHAT TYPE OF WRITER WOULD I BE IF I DIDN'T REMIND YOU OF WHAT HARRY DEAN SAID YOU'RE NOTHING YOU'RE DIRT MR STANTON I HADN'T EVER SMILED SO HARD DESPITE MY HEROIN ROTTING TEETH AT THE TIME AHEM ONE DOG IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN A MILLION....I FEEL THE SAME WAY I MEAN ABOUT THESE TWO GIRLS AND NOW THIS HINT OF A THREAT HANGING OVER MY HEAD WELL IF I CAN'T SEE THIS THROUGH THERE WILL BE THIS THIRTY MINUTE LIBRETTO...DON'T LET THEM SEE US DON'T TELL THEM WHAT WE ARE DOING...\par
\par
BRIM 149\par
\par
CONSTIPATED OR CONSTERNATED, EITHER WAY YOU KNOW IT;S GETTING LATE. GIVEN THAT THE END OF HISTORY ITSELF MIGHT HAVE BEEN YEARS AGO. WHAT WE HAVE HAD SINCE IS A POWER STRUGGLE. VALERIIA KEY TATTOO DOWN ON MY KNEE SURE SIMILAR SITUATIONS WENT THROUGH THE WORLD BEFORE THE END POSSIBLE BEFORE THE START SO WHAT IS THIS, LET US SAY ART...QUIET EYES THIS MUST BE THE CHAPTER WHERE i TRY FOR THE BIRDIE...I LOOK DOWN INTO MY SOUL, WITH NOTHING TO PROVE AND PRACTICE MY SWING...GOT MY WILL TESTAMENT FOR GEMMA AND THE SONGS AT THE MUSES....i PURCHASE ANOTHER STOCK PONDERING THE BUY AFTER IT...WE MAKE THESE PLANS OUT OF SOME SORT OF BLIND EXPECTATION OF LIFE WELL KNOWING IT'S ALWAYS ONLY DEATH AND TAXES...THE BALL IS ROLLING AT THE TAP ON THE GREEN AND JUST LIKE A DAYDREAM IT FEELS ALIKE SLOW MOTION NOT SURE IF IT WILL GET THERE OR GO PAST THE POINT IT'S AS IF TIME STANDS STILL WITH ONLY THE KNOWLEDGE THAT I HIT IT...NOBODY WOULD RISK AN AIRPORT ATTEMPT GIVEN THE NUMBER OF SURROUNDING PEOPLE WHICH MIGHT BE SUBJECT TO SECONDHAND ELIMINATION EXCEPT FOR WHAT ON THIS SIDE WE TERM TERRORISTS OR EXTREMISTS WHICH ON THE OTHER SIDE ARE WARRIORS OF THE JIHAD AND SENT TO MISOGYNOUS HEAVENS A SORT OF UTAH IN ANY CASE THEY DID NOT CLAIM RESPONSIBILTY AS THEY ARE PRONE TO AND THE ONLY VISIBLE TRUTH IS THAT THESE GIRLS WERE PAID TO PARTICIPATE IN A PRANK THEY THOUGHT WOULD GET THEM ON TV NOW IF WE ADD UP ALL THE VYING SCRAMBLES FOR A SPOT ON A SHOW WELL YOU WOULD BE FORCED TO PORTRAY THEM AS VERITABLE SAINTS.  TO EXAGGERATE SOME AND IN SUM DIGRESS...INDONESIAN VILLAGE CHILD  VIETNAM FARM URCHIN, I THINK OF THE "CONFLICT" SURE I CAN HAS QUOTATION MARKS BUT MY DISDAIN OF THEM HERE REFLECTS  A MODERNITY COMPLICATED BY THE INTERNET YET MASKED THIEVES OF WORDS  DISGUISED AS JUDGES STANDING INVISIBLY WHEN I LOOK BACK IN FRONT OF ME AS WELL AS THE OBVIOUS FACT THAT IT E X P A N D S THE POTENTIAL OF LITERATURE EVEN IF A FOOL SUCH AS EYE SAYS LOOK THAT IS STOLEN FROM MEATLOAF NO IT IS NOT TAKEN ONLY TEMPERED INTO A FIT FOR A REFLECTION OF AN ACTUALITY YOU TOOK THE WORDS RIGHT OUT OF MY KINKS SINKS THE BODY BURIED AT SEA, THEY DON'T SAY, CREMATED, WON'T SAY, UNDERGROUND WHAT NOTES FYODOR! I DID FIND SOME PERHAPS CREATED PLOT TO STEAL THE BODY BEFORE IT WAS FLOWN OUT AND THEN FLOWN OUT AGAIN DOSTOYEVSKI JET SKI MISSILES AND MUSIC OF SANCTIONS I CALL HIM THE BIG BOPPER AND SOME INSIST THAT HE IS RESPOSIBLE BUT THEY CAN'T MAKE THAT SHOT IT LANDS ON THE ROUGH LOOK HOW GENTLY MY BALL WENT IT. \par
\par
BRIM 150 yES. NO ANSWER. GOTTA WAIT FOR THE TRAIL. WHEN THEY HOLD THE ANNOUNCED SET UP INSIDE THE DETENTION CENTER WELL YES NO ANSWER.  THEY RE-RAG THEM IN TRADITIONAL DRESSES...POLICE BLOCK THE VIEW AND GO SO FAR AS TO TAKE PICUTRES OF THE PHOTOGRAPHERS...IS IT STILL THEM? I GO THROUGH IT ALL IN MY THOUGHTS, THE HOWARD HUGHES MOVIE WITH TWO DIRECTORS, THE VX THING, WORD PLAY, ANAGRAMS, PALINDROMES, RACECAR., RACISM, ORGASMS, THIS ISM THAT ISM, ALL WE ARE SAYING IS DOUBLE FANTASY...I KEEP FALLING IN LOVE, WITH GIRLS THESE GIRLS  THOSE GIRLS THE HANDMAIDEN AND MOST OF SOUTH KOREA NOT TO MENTION SARAH PALMER! THERE'S JEALOUSY AND CARS TRYING TO RUN ME OVER, AGENTS TRAVEL MILES TO FREAK ME OUT, HUNTER, WE ARE PROFESSIONALS, AFTER ALL, AREN'T WE? I LIFT A PAGE FROM THE OTHER HUNTER AND IT FITS LIKE A GLOVE I WONDER IF ANY ONE IS CLEVER ENOUGH TO CATCH IT, I WAIT AND I SMOKE FOR THE SCENE IN THAT KEROUAC BEATNIK MANNER ALL THE WHILE PLAYING THE ROCK AND ROLL STAR BUT THAT'S AN INSANE ACT AND YOU CAN ONLY USE SO MANY WORDS ACCORDING TO OTIS NOT JENNIFER'S HOUND AND I FOUND THAT MAYBE SOME OTHER FORCES WERE HURRYING AN APARTMENT SWITCH  SO THAT I FIND MYSELF CONSULTING A WITCH FOR THE RIGHT SPELL TO CURSE FOR ETERNITY BUT I GOT OTHER MANUSCRIPTS ALL AWAITING AMONG OTHER THINGS ON THE DO LIST...ASIDE FROM ENJOYING MYSELF AND AVOIDING THE WHY DO YOU LOOK AT ME SO STRANGELY FEELINGS WHOA OH OH FEELINGS BUT AS A SECRET AGENT YOU WANT TO GIVE YOUR VERY LIFE TO AVENGE THOSE THAT HAVE BEEN TAKEN FROM OUR SIDE THE COMPLICATION ARISES WHEN TIME TRAVEL PRESENTS ITSELF WITH THE POSSIBLE SOLUTION TO NEARLY EVERYTHING OR AT LEAST ENOUGH MYSTERY TO MAKE A MANUSCRIPT STAND OUT. NOW SOME WILL SURELY SAY I'VE GONE TOO DEEP, ONE WEEPS WITH LAUGHTER, OTHERS GET CREEPED OUT BY THE STORY...DID HE SAY MISCARRIAGE MEAT...stOP I ONLY GOT A FEW DAYS ON MY SUBSCRIPTION AND I WANT TO MAKE THE MOST OF MY GRACE TIME...PERHAPS YOU ARE NOT HIP TO THE FACT THAT GENOCIDE IS A MUSICAL NOMENCLATURE...WITH THESE NEW FREEZERS THE SPERM WILL STAY FRESH FOR DECADES, WHY NOT ELIMINATE ALL THE BOYS NOW AND SAVE US THE TROUBLE OF THIS CASTRATION IDEA...OFTEN, I DON'T HEAR FROM THE RIGHT PEOPLE BESIDES ALL THE POSERS BUT LET US ALL RISE ABOVE THE HYPE THIS PROPOGANDA INCLUDED AND FIND A VIABLE SOLUTION TO NUCLEAR WASTE AND THE SALVATION OF THE EARTH AND THE SEA AND THE ANIMAL KINGDOMS WHEREIN IN SOME HUMANS MIGHT BE INCLUDED.  DID YOU SEE WHAT I DID THERE, DON'T TELL A SOUL. \par
\par
\par
BRIM 151\par
\par
LOVE.  LOVE , THAT SONG SAID,  I KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE DEAD.  SHE SAID MY FAVORITE VERB. \par
REVERB. REVERBERATION. PAUL REVERE. THE ENGLISH WERE ACOMING ROUND THE MOUNTAIN.\par
SOME OF THEM WERE ALREADY THERE, NO? LOVE NO LOVE. LOVE KNOW LOVE. LOVE WHAT IS IT?\par
LAST WORDS OF WILLIAM bURROUGHS THE OLD BECOME SO BY LEARNING TO BE EVIL.  EVIL LOVE\par
KNIEVEL LIVE MOTORCYCLE LEVITATION ROAD INVITATION NINETEEN SIXTY NINE EASY WHY DON'T \par
YOU GET A HAIRCUT RIDER AIN'T NOTHING CHANGED GOOK EAR NAILED TO ARMY HELMET IS THERE \par
LOVE IN HELL BUKOWSKI'S DOG BUKKA WHITE WAS BLACK WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION LATIN\par
TO YOUR LANGUAGE ASS INSTRUCTION TEACHER TURNS TO CHALK SIDE EFFECTS LOVE WAIT LUST\par
WAITER WANDERLUST WATER GUST GULP GALAPAGOS LAND ISLAND HAND ICE LAND CIGARETTE \par
NICE LOVE DRESSED THE FRENCH GIRL IN DRESDEN ITALIAN SPANISH I CAN'T THE END.\par
LOVE.  LOVE, DRACULA SAID I TOO CAN LOVE. PINK'S MY FAVORITE WORD. \par
bIRD HEARD POEM NOTES NEAR THE ENEMY IS AT THE GATE JUST LIKE HATE YET SOME OF THOSE\par
HATS WERE NOWHERE, YES? HATE NO HATE, HATE KNOW HATE, HATE WHAT IS IT? \par
FIRST WORDS OF A VIOLENT REACTION THE ROAD GOES ON FOREVER. VELVET AND EVEN TELEVISED \par
ROOF ABOVE FLOOR BELOW SKY TRUTH LETTER LIE ENVELOPE  WILL WE MARRY OR ELOPE NOPE\par
HOPE THEN HOPE WHEN HOPE OPEN HOPE PEN...\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
