{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 BRIM 152 twenty -oh this might go back a few months- years maybe - fourteen. fourteen days left meaning two weeks.  i walk the roads as if i were one of nietzsche's supermen...this is captain america calling, in the book within the book i meant to destroy uncertainty via the kinks except i ran out of my self stepped on as it were by a stanza inspired -ain't it always- by a goil. when i read it back i didn't know what i had but i knew it were nothing to attempt to follow. at least not immediately. it was as if i had found the perfect "form" a place where "we" could melt away from it all...problem is that once you get a good line, paragraph, picture, song, or statue well you can't repeat it, sure you can maybe keep to the same lane but deep down there will be that coward's shadow haunting everything that stemmed from the statue song picture paragraph or line...in any case, what i was saying is that i saunter the walkways as if i were above worry and yet i must confess that it is a cruelty i can barely come to terms with...at times it has even taken me into a dark fog wherein i am willing to attack anyone including myself...it's most likely only one person or a couple, but i've no way of being sure...people get offended by such fine points and even off hand gestures...trivial things...what i know is that conflict has arisen and it is beyond my control...i don't dwell or worry over what i cannot manipulate, i've stated most of my stance saving a few bullets for a future maybe. is it past or is it few sure...the rain came down so hard, to give hardcore readers a continuation as it were, during the conclusion of the evian championship that even sitting here i felt wet as the swede won and i won't say anymore without lawyers present...i will say that if you enjoy fashion and have not yet noted the lpga well you gotta surprise coming, carly! i didn't know if it was day or night/ i started kissing everything in sight...the reported drought started in 2014...anomaly was a film i missed...i dig a pony...birthday i would like you to...penetrate any place you go...flight seventeen...did they say it was malaysian? flight fifty seventeen...did nobody go hey wait a minute man...i make for the crossed fingers and numerology...too much to think out about and yet too weird not to shout...i finally pick up a william f buckley novel to see how blackford oakes might handle conflicting information but i have not read it yet...point is, the matter at hand could be from some unknown before...the total war all the time in cities that never sleep with classified information and celebrities covering it up...shut up, perhaps it's nothing why would they leave those facts hanging out for history for historians you are being hysterical...yet after the emergency number scene there was another plane that did not even make it to the air...should we call it coincidence or the after shock wave of loose lips...i sink into how could i also miss that soylent green is people somehow i did not miss the rise and fall of idi amin yet only remember the flesh eating part...stop start so you don't like me because i will pull the trigger in the land of the free... in the home of the brave there are yet censored words, truths even now swept under the proverbial rug. \par
\par
BRIM 153 - the reason i hesitate some is that to reference steinbeck writing is a magical act and to employ a sentence from burroughs the purpose of writing is to make it happen however the conundrum i expect is or will be tempered by the laws of absurdity...not sure what that means yet it is a work in progress and we can almost state with scientific certainty that kim jong nam cannot be murdered again unless of course he wasn't in the first place...ahem. oh no not the neighbors, bruce? born i had a hit with born...borned to run...wait where was i borned? borned in the you essay...obsessive thinking will bore a hole in your mind...now since kong man i'm j is long gone and the theory of eternal recurrence is a shaky hypothesis except for that echo we all experience in some quiet places well then most of the horror will be side stepped...let's try out the earthquake machine again! why not wait till tulpa trump gets through with the nations united against women and childrens? nobody will suspect anything besides it might be a perfect starting point to start building the wall....you mean that's not the donald? no i mean that's a tulpa we all created since all the politicians proved themselves posers but these imaginary beings can work wonders...hopefully the real dj is playing some rocking track oh there it is elton john take me out to the ball park...the lady doth protest too much...i don't think she;s scratched the surface...it's the w hat happened, don't you wish you could put out a book everytime you lost an erection...damn telephones...i always think who died when it rings this late at night...the rabbit got a book deal will somebody give me some cash deal inside not me said pence i'm alabamy bound for luther isnt that strange after all we've been through...look in the paper what do i see robbery violence insanity...i don't think of any of this yet i feel the pull to go this way or that you know like when swans swim on mars james i would have told you i was a liberal a while ago but logic makes one think of the long run that is being on the right side not the eagles of course it's fine with me if you are a liberal but when did liberalism get on the same level as militant factions? i thought we were going through some sort of 1960s exorcism yet it might be 1860s...riots again? does it take a natural disaster for people to simply stop listening for propaganda?  the reason i hesitate some is that to reference the news there is no word of what became of kim jong nam's body after it was flown out twice from malaysia...presently, any story would sound suspicious given the interim time that's been ticking...joking man m...13 minutes before the stand in was photographed passed out at kuala lumpur airport, the real kong man i'm j flew to macau with a new identity and underwent plastic surgery to match it. he gathered his belongings and parts of his family, settling in geneva quietly where he could easily escape to france in case anyone ruffled the cover story.\par
}
