{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\tx2790\b\f0\fs18 brim 154\par
\par
                                            BRIM MAN - final draft 108a\par
\par
joyce; Did you see where this came from? Stephen King in a KFC ad!\par
Frances: Typical of Washington to place a bullet radar weapon inside the cty\par
twitter creep: seth rich? \par
margaret: Sorry, citizen. dystopian business. You'd better move along.\par
Hosni: see how good the song comes when you record in cairo.\par
Inky: Thank you. but even a hint of a hit and it's hell to pay.\par
Brim Man: someone sent me this but the cover should read what happened in benghazi.\par
ANN I going to cheer for pens pencils and pence.\par
BRIM MAN: what about trump? who is going to title the wall.\par
ANN: It's from a song by pink floyd. the wall was too high and the worms ate into his brain..\par
inky: Phew. i hate the division bell and gilmore hates me and waters hates him...\par
James: Do you like dolly parton, inky?\par
Frances: you'd have to fire several shots in different locations to get away with a kill.\par
Lorde: I'm going with the m words...monobrow, mochi...mhh music!\par
inky: dolly parton is the only country singer truly filled with jesus and love\par
twitter creep: the matrix it's the matrix!\par
ANN: i'm friends with morpheus.\par
BRIM MAN No, don't open that door. You see, fake agents are knocking and taking the works.\par
                 They prepare every super-crime like the frustrated thieves they are\par
                 It's sad to see this happen during natural disasters like the looting.\par
              Even as storms are coming and folks still trampled beneath concrete!.\par
\par
\par
\par
BRM 155 I didn't dream and therefore i can't be certain if i actually slept...was i being judged for a thought...naturally, why stop there? have the neighbors hover let the mother go sober with newspapers start the construction sounds and if that is enough holy hurricane another one!\par
my worry in terms of literature or life is told in the master and margarita; he told an unfortunate joke...now it is the reason i have usually refrained from frivolity uhm no let us say folly...yet as i went in with previous letters i found that the only way to balance the horrors was through attempted humour...given that this is a similar situation well how could i get all serious, gravitas will have to be put on hold until i hear the punch line of ths joke...three women jailed, that is counting the first manuscript, unfairly it felt to me and well there you have it why did the chicken cross the road because it tasted like miscarriage meat i mean egg...i beg to differ if anyone feels i am offending them directly, i am not at least not with intent and this ain't to say i like everyone or approve of everything. i don't yet the burlesque is aimed at the circumstance or situations even when personified. for example white supremacy has a snowball's chance in hell given the demographics yet it is not my intention to put down people for standing up for their own race and who knows maybe the south will rise again, stranger things have happened! anyway, in terms of eating people, well, i will try to get the legal points together. it is included here in my one idea to contrast and balance what i view as an impossible occurence...key jog? nah! vx? no! vixen assassins? nay! yet there are a couple of ladies locked up and waiting, got me writing and waiting too and maybe i found something near to the truth and it rattled someone enough to attempt to amp through my thoughts...stamp lamp camp steak out stay in so why was the beatnik movement accepted into literary circles if nobody was going to go ahead and print it out in the mainstream best sellers list? man woman or teen how i like to let it go and even tell it out straight like lightning flashing in the dead of night and watch as a dear reader's head lights up within going whoa or wow however it's sort of like being fitzgerald in hollywood and not having the insight to see it's all connected where nobody will stand there and tell you about the intricate interlacedly blueprint what's that howard show me all the blueprints the blue prints all the blueprints...no no no don't let that out don't show them the blue.\par
\par
\par
BRIM 156 -  In south korea there's nothing to worry about save for a nuclear meltdown or maybe rockets naked or nervous sailing down from the northern skies. nervously or naked i searched the world wide web to see if i could peek at what they say as to where the waste materials are being put placed...i'm not even going to re-state what i seen saw see as it is only what they are saying...i will say that there are places out there...i will also say that one of them was recently in danger from the raging storms dancing overhead....how is it possible to live in a world where we are filling the scenery with poison? pundits and protesters masturbate to any topic and most of the press plays along...at least for a while...ah yeah yes the song i'm listening to avoiding noise the clash death or glory...just another story...now i am well aware that i am repeating a thought typed up a few pages ago but it feels pertinent. perhaps not for us but surely for the future...few sure...appositely, why not drastic measures now to prevent mishap or lamentations later?  How have we we sped through the cold war and all these battles to end up perhaps on the losing side of nuclear waste? rephrase, there is no winning side...how have we rushed through dozens of scenes for freedom and liberty to end up enslaved by such an obvious threat?  i hear a voice say and then in a few years it's all brown spics and spiced up darkies with a white minority los angeles  in even further fear of extinction and this rainbow three gender colligation glowing from the radiation and patroled by robot police since everyone lost their badge over racial profiling...i look out the window, it all seems so sweet and gentle as if angels were singing and surrounded by gnocchis.  the girls asleep hopefully with none of my thoughts disturbing their dreams. \par
\\\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
