{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\tx2610\b\f0\fs16 BRIM 157\par
\par
she kissed me, a long and even hairy lip-lock. Because Chloe didn't know it, but the warden's ear and his tit crew girls were gone, and in a way I couldn't have loved her more. "Well, now, Chloe," I said, "you've got your on set panties in an uproar and all over nothing. I was thinking about the trump problem. "I've got some anti-dotard words. I can get some more. A lot of them." "Yeah?" "I can, inky. I know I can! the dictionary's crazy about me and easy as pie. I'll bet if they  thought I was going to leave it open, it--"   "Who?" I said. "Who are you talking about, chloe?"\par
\par
"Merriam websters. You know what that is, don't you?" "Yeah," I said. "Yeah, I know the mw right well. How do you figure on taking them down?"\par
\par
We talked it over, lying there on her bed together, and off in the night somewhere the howling voice of kickass merch seemed to whisper to forget it, forget it, inky, it's not too late if you stop now. You can edit and take what you want with you so i never have to see any politics again. And I did try, God knows I tried. But right after that, right after the voice, her hand gripped one of mine harder than a democrat's lie and kneaded it between her thighs; and she moaned and shivered and so I didn't forget.\par
\par
"Well," I said, after a time, "I suppose we can work it out. The way I see it is, at first you don't doomsday, maybe douse it down, and dumbwaiter  the riposte again without resorting to the use of dufus." "oh, darling?" "In other words," I said, "where there's a thesaurus there's a way." She moaned a little, and then she squirted. "Oh, inky, you're as cute as a collegiate edition ! I think I will put you both on the same shelf!" I could hear the kickass merch rattle, Beezulbub, behave!. But right after that, right after the rattle, her hand gripped mine again but not to let go this time; and she held me so that the framed pictures and boxed action figures and the rest of it drifted away through the unlocked door where moments and minutes go to become distant and so she kissed me again. a long and intense one but this time i was prepared and brushed away her whiskers before they tripped my tongue. .\par
\par
brim 158  it was deep fry day, it had to be...i had worked my way around the rocket man dotard hype that had been wheeling through some parts of the hoi polloi...it wasn't as good as when prima played gigalo live revealing how there could even be more wonderous curves to that song, but i liked the fact that some folks were all wound up over a word...one word! it had toppled guam and well who knew! the big bopper sat by the telephone fully expecting the american president to call with an invitation  he had visualized this over and over, a greeting a moment to make amends and then why sure sure my good man let me see how soon the plane can be fueled up...why no, bopper, i will send the apprentice one jet loaded with goods! excellent he would reply already having selected his attire for the long trip...mr kim jong un goes to washington...however, 46, after having delivered a few words in the secret agent section of new york city, was obsessed with re-naming the white house bunker., he held a meeting and proposed the apprentice foxhole or perhaps the maga funk house, maybe the trump cave...like batman asked pence over the secured cell phone speaker line...if you want to be robin, the donald voiced lightly with nearly a blurring hint of affection which diminished none of the sarcasm.  in any case the day was moving along and motivated by the one word uproar well i figured maybe my one idea has more of a chance than it did previously.  \par
\par
BRIM 159 -  malaysia warden ear bit \par
so hard parts were either \par
missing or being digested \par
in the prisoner's abdomen\par
\par
my thoughts crowded lit\par
locklear even heather\par
stocks went down invested\par
blue picture drip semen\par
\par
kuala lumpur doan sit\par
frances bean's abracadaver\par
kim jong nam bird nested\par
anal sex job interview men\par
\par
the new casting couch catcher's mitt\par
romney where was perot jail jill niner\par
jack and yes men from the east wested\par
if you can imagine it ... well, then\par
\par
music turning from forest of azure hit\par
sucked a canine's crimson dick where\par
you can only do that in five states fested\par
this shit's banana's would've said gwen\par
\par
rocket do i don't feel tardy delay who lay fit\par
i fling the words between the frenzy there\par
sitting doan nothing dreaming sarah chested\par
maybe we're all idiot breeze stupid rooster & hen\par
\par
\par
}
