{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs14 BRIM 160 First, are you our type of person?  The desk stood between the applicant and the interviewer like a barrier...the red cloth between matador and bull...My affinity with sylvia had been set years ago, but like a lot of things i hardly had a clue....The usual questions were asked and without exception the responses curved and cut through the air conditioned air of the office. I first liked that she reminded me of ms emily dickinson in how her lines were set down on the page. The drone, one of several the corporation owned was sent to loom at the window's ledge which otherwise displayed a not so magnificent view of adjacent buildings. I recall how weird it felt "finding" her at the same time as anne sexton. Having had a good deal of working experience i knew how these people felt and while i watched i remembered thinking in my last office gig if i had to work here for years i would have jumped out the window looking at it thinking of the pretty girl that had stood next to me on the train and how i wish i could have stayed with her instead of being where i was...That is to say, i suppose they felt as people do while going through the required motions but i had no inkling of what was about to insist itself on this reality...Now your head, excuse me is empty. I have the ticket for that.  As soon as the applicant stretched out his arm to conclude the business at hand the interviewer grabbed and pulled him making him lean ahead awkwardly and taking away any sense of balance wherein three other men hustled in to respectively hold him down unwrap his trousers and versace bikini underthing and hump away his manhood with a glee as ive not seen since oh sam been la di da went captur'd and killed and by force of navy seal sex sent to sea...My boy, it's your last resort. Will you marry it? Marry it? hail mary mother of maybe sure i start thinking oh maybe this or that should not be wroted but it's not yet penned that is if the page agrees it is a work in progress, the rough draft which we hope is edited so as to only piss off people in yemen...after a moment, i continued and observed while the applicant collected himself and staggered tritely into the elevator down to the lobby and finally onto the pavement where contradicting thoughts crossed his minds like unresolved conspiracy theories leaning for a hospital's emergency room or a processing cubicle at a police station yet something held him there until some corner of his mind made mention of the words get out of here and don't breathe a word to anyone or you'll never work in this town again which suddenly took his legs wobbling in the direction of his loft. Back in the office, the men converged upon eachother to translate the footage from the pilotless aircraft and hearing them say well it's too bad we can only do this a few times every quarter gave me the notion that here was a real horror story. reading in the herald how some venezuelan lawyers and doctors were selling their bodies for twenty five dollars an hour in columbian brothels made me wonder which was the worse side of this mint...\par
}
