{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs14 BRIM 160 First, are you our type of person?  The desk stood between the applicant and the interviewer like a barrier...the red cloth between matador and bull...My affinity with sylvia had been set years ago, but like a lot of things i hardly had a clue....The usual questions were asked and without exception the responses curved and cut through the air conditioned air of the office. I first liked that she reminded me of ms emily dickinson in how her lines were set down on the page. The drone, one of several the corporation owned was sent to loom at the window's ledge which otherwise displayed a not so magnificent view of adjacent buildings. I recall how weird it felt "finding" her at the same time as anne sexton. Having had a good deal of working experience i knew how these people felt and while i watched i remembered thinking in my last office gig if i had to work here for years i would have jumped out the window looking at it thinking of the pretty girl that had stood next to me on the train and how i wish i could have stayed with her instead of being where i was...That is to say, i suppose they felt as people do while going through the required motions but i had no inkling of what was about to insist itself on this reality...Now your head, excuse me is empty. I have the ticket for that.  As soon as the applicant stretched out his arm to conclude the business at hand the interviewer grabbed and pulled him making him lean ahead awkwardly and taking away any sense of balance wherein three other men hustled in to respectively hold him down unwrap his trousers and versace bikini underthing and hump away his manhood with a glee as ive not seen since oh sam been la di da went captur'd and killed and by force of navy seal sex sent to sea...My boy, it's your last resort. Will you marry it? Marry it? hail mary mother of maybe sure i start thinking oh maybe this or that should not be wroted but it's not yet penned that is if the page agrees it is a work in progress, the rough draft which we hope is edited so as to only piss off people in yemen...after a moment, i continued and observed while the applicant collected himself and staggered tritely into the elevator down to the lobby and finally onto the pavement where contradicting thoughts crossed his minds like unresolved conspiracy theories leaning for a hospital's emergency room or a processing cubicle at a police station yet something held him there until some corner of his mind made mention of the words get out of here and don't breathe a word to anyone or you'll never work in this town again which suddenly took his legs wobbling in the direction of his loft. Back in the office, the men converged upon eachother to translate the footage from the pilotless aircraft and hearing them say well it's too bad we can only do this a few times every quarter gave me the notion that here was a real horror story. reading in the herald how some venezuelan lawyers and doctors were selling their bodies for twenty five dollars an hour in columbian brothels made me wonder which was the worse side of this mint...\par
\par
\par
BRIM 161\fs16 -Every single distraction. Tell ol bill the time has come to do or die...If you could be anything what'd it be? A writer. Oh man oh God. They run the show - ain't no telling what they'd do...I'm dreaming i'm in the middle of the road.  It's amsterdam not the country but the second rate street in manhattan...there's a circle of us and we are smoking pot but i don't feel myself getting high... A little tall tan girl was standing next to me, I suppose due to isolation it upsets me enough to get up and strangle her.  When I get out of bed now I think about time, gee it's an hour past the usual time eight thirty. Burroughs, tell me again...the road to the western lands is by definition the most dangerous road for it gives access to the gift that supercedes all other gifts...I wait a while with coffee and cigarette content that there will be pork chopped rice and beans but no aren't you going to eat later like you have been. Well, no. All rain and two simultaneous construction sounds later it's settled until oliver stone barges in breaking the agreement with money never sleeps. because you can't live alone! excuse me? then i remember all the other exaggerated overstatements and think well it's not the end of the world.  I want to think of all the sports they are talking about and overtaken but i can't dribble up on how i still have not made it into october i've been hello meaning to for here so i go all devoid of my self to get a few notes. It's not cold in my head, the higher ups have warmed up to identity but by the time i get to the page well there it is a sort of double vision insisting that we do it and so i give it a shot quiet as rock and roll on a jazz station...everyone married for the german election you gotta know that poetry can't always make scythe sense cents all the fings come back to you all the sings come back to you all the freeze come back to you who who on this green earth invented lyric video so it's all the things come back to you i dream on vampire fangs fings sings freeze things you may or may not regard this kind of music as your bag we're all a mixed bag it's in the bag i'm bowling with that liberal ass bag will the circle be unbroken leon russell kect tv los angeles onward christian soldiers... \par
\fs14\par
\par
BRIM-pg162 Capote said I believe in hanging. Just so long as I'm not the one being hanged. Easiest murder i ever done did, you go in there with some rope and make it look like suey side. which side? if you can get someone to poison them first, well that is a great advantage....itch side? i don't know but i removed all the hooks from the ceiling around the apartment...camp logan bolshevik the great fire halifax windsor...he observed me quietly as i read and when i handed it back to him with the timid observation that i did not care to publish what was to myself incomprehensible he replaced it silently in his pocket...\par
who, who the hell put vicks vapor rub on my sex mouth's doll instead of the lubricant...the paper was rejected because of the sexual exoeriences narrated in it...he there found a paid by kaine keeping the name of 44 in play. he shook him and waked him and asked how he came to be in brian's car. the man had been in the habit of voting and replied that he came in through the window. brim man then struck him over the head with his revolver shouting repeal and on his getting up and endeavoring to escape fired at him striking him in the history...my wife's sitting over here she's a wonderful stenographer she used to teach stenography and she used to teach shorthand in high school that was when i met her and i can tell you folks that shes worked many hours at night and many hours on saturdays and sundays in my office and shes done a fine job and i am proud to say tonight that in the six years i've been in the house and the senate of the united states pat nixon has never been on the government payroll...these women had a boarder only fifteen who thought he could not be anything until he had shot somebody and they gave an absurd account of the lad dodging about with a revolver and not getting up the courage enough to insult any one till at last he hid himself in the stable and shot the first chinaman who entered...why does a jewish divorce cost so much? they are worth it! streckfus persons... imagination of course can open any door turn the key and let terror walk right in. if you have enjoyed this film why not go see la notte...\par
\fs20   \b0\par
\b\fs14\par
}
