{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs16 BRIM 163a  who are these people trying to take annie? why do they want to take annie? where are they going to take annie? practical lessons in hypnotism...how's annie...learn to mount birds...vacutex blackhead extractor, you too can have a baby, know your prostate; a practical guide to succesful writing...nevermind. FUCK ALL THAT - an inky screenplay by inky and the girls ACT ONE fade in INTERIOR a writer looking over notes on a laptop. the sound of rain and vehicles rumbling lightly over wet asphalt.\par
Green light bulb overhead. red eyes scratchy from a lit cigarette. Typing, the words read, work in progress brim page 163. there is a pause, a moment's wait. no other words are written for a beat or two. suddenly the title appears one letter atfer the other; FUCK ALL THAT. simultaneously the\par
drizzle and typing give way as the low rattle of a cell phone contradicts the silence.\par
the writer waves a hand through several receivers picking up and responding to a white apparatus.\par
\par
\fs10              writer : \par
 headquarters at your service.\par
\par
         mysterious entity: \par
i hear you have a title for the screenplay.\par
\par
             writer\par
 a working title you know an x rating is murder.\par
\par
         mysterious entity: \par
irrefutably, even working with an x rated performer is mutilating well look at lilo.\par
\par
               writer: \par
i have now can i get back to being myself i think i have a good scene to segue with\par
\par
             mysterious entity: \par
yes the passage over to a kuala lumpur jail cell with doan and sit, i know.\par
\par
             writer: \par
well, thanks for checking in, always wonderful to feel one's privacy violated.\par
\par
          mysterious entity: \par
hmm, sarcasm well, this is nothing wait till the skull implants are perfected.\fs16\par
\par
163b ACT ONE scene two A woman with many remnants of her girlish features sits atop an uncomfortable looking bed, less than twin size and thin as a bicycle wheel. Her countenance resembles that of the japanese, however she is from vietnam.  There are a few strands from a blonde tint still possessing her brown hair. The light in her eyes is shaded by the sorrows of confinement.  CUT TO Another woman with a round face and more experienced features stands by a window which overlooks the desolate prison grounds under gray malaysian skies. There is no sadness in her glance, instead there is a look of expectation. One might be tempted to anticipate that she is from the philipines yet she is from indonesia.  DISSOLVE TO A HOTEL BAR WHERE both women are engaged in a conversation with a man who rises and leaves them to answer a telephone call. \par
\fs12                                                     DOAN\par
 fuck all that, siti, we are going to be famous. can you imagine! new york, paris, berlin!!!\par
\par
                                                      SITI\par
is that all you think about it, doan? well, i don't know something is strange. i know i was the one that took the trip to cambodia but i didn't want to have to be the one to touch the traveler i mean what if he hits me?\par
\par
                                                    DOAN\par
fuck no, how many times have we done it here in the city, it won't be any different in the airport.\par
\par
                                                     SITI\par
i hope you are right. oh here comes RI, do i look weird or worried? \par
\par
                                                     DOAN\par
you look fine, your red hair will make you stand out on tv oh i know i will wear my big LOL t-shirt so everyone won't only be looking at you.\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab SITI'\par
If you wear a big shirt they won't see your body, everybody is going to think you are fat.\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab DOAN\par
ohmygod, no no i know i will wear with a mini skirt. \par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab SITI\par
you are a genius, doan. i hope you get to meet my son one day.\par
\b0\fs20\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
BRIM 164 - When disassembling the fake news, the words need not be\par
pulled, as is the case with many striker-fired stories. This is a feature that will most likely reduce the incidence of unintentional misunderstandings. Instead of assumption  along the\par
length of the top of the slide, details have angled the corners, which makes the intention a bit easier to carry discreetly because it tends to print less. The finish is a weather or sports ridge, making the surface very hard. The celebrity serrations at the rear consist of wide grooves\par
with small scandals on the ridges, providing a very slip-resistant surface.\par
Sights on the foreigners are of the three-point variety, but these are not\par
your everyday sights. They are Genuine Nixon Mount sights made especially for reproductive or adoption processes. The low profile makes them less prone to snag coverups on the draw or when retelling, and they are drift adjustable for languages. Nixon sights are regularly copied\par
by other manufacturers, but headquarters go to the source of the original for \par
the real deal sights. The 1931 for example has a small viewing port \par
on top at the ear that allows the user  to see if a round is chambered. Experienced and well-trained readers,  though, will not rely only on this...\par
\par
BRIM 165 For my first paragraph, I wanted to check  the slashing power of the word \par
grind, so I took two verbs and  stood them up, one at a time, taking \par
a couple of turns at each. Although  the first blade was not as long as \par
the page was wide (preventing me  from getting all the way through from \par
front to back), I was able to write very cleanly without knocking the page\par
down. Next, I took a an adverb, stood  it on end and proceeded to deliver a \par
battery of key strokes, all of which cleanly sliced through the page without \par
knocking it over. Next, I wanted to test the penetration power of the exclammation point, so I placed a  leathery piece of  it onto the end of a sentence, and with one typing motion, I was able \par
to pierce cleanly all the way through the paragraph, with the tip protruding \par
out the other side and a bit into my  table. I believe that the BRIM will have no issues with being able to penetrate any subject matter although it is only concerned with one main idea...ideal. \par
\par
\par
\par
}
