{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 brim 169  \par
\lang2057\b\f1 brooke: Oh, inky! I'm watching you go down in flames, and you're bringing me with you, and I can't do anything about it!\par
ikny: And?\par
brooke: Well, I hate to bring it up because I know you've got enough pressure on you already. But, we agreed to get married as soon as you published your first book. Meanwhile, ten years later, my step mom, the wife of my father is getting pregnant. My pregnancy clock is (stamps foot three times) ticking like this, and the way this book is going, I ain't never getting pregnant!\par
inky: brooke, I don't need this. IstG, I do not need this right now, okay? I've got a judge that's just aching to throw me in jail or under a car, an idiot who wants to fight me for torrent movie downloads, slaughtered women in marseille, uhauls in edmonton, collapsing stage props, and now las vegas and it's only the second day of the trail! I ain't slept all night since SI newhouse jr...how is that going to look on a resume? I got no hair products, a dress code problem, and this little murder case which, in the balance, holds the lives of two innocent women, not to mention your (stamps foot three times) pregnancy clock; my career, your life, our marriage, and let me see, tom? what else can we pile on? Is there any more shit we can pile on to the top of the outcome of this case?! (Stares upward to indicate him thinking of anything else) Is it possible?! (looks up again)\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
a pregnant lover! reverend monkeydick! brooke's underboob sweat! the donkey that ate your car! and much more aside from the expected conclusions\lang1033\b0\f0\par
}
