{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs14 BRIM 178 -FOR THE LOVE-SAKE OF SOMETHING I SOLEMNLY SWEAR TO SENTENCE AND PERIOD PUNCTUATE EVENLY OR FAIRLY.  SUNDAY NIGHT OVER THERE MONDAY MORNING OVER HERE. URINE DREAM. YOU'RE IN A DREAM. IS IT FROM A CLASH SONG? GUNS ON THE ROOF...ROUGH DRAFTS AIN'T AS EASY AS THAT...GUN STREET GIRL, MAYBE. I CANNOT SAY YET I GOT UP WONDERING IF THERE WAS A CONNECTION BETWEEN THE JUSTINS...JUSTICE. SOMEHOW (OR WHO) THE FORMER CONGRESSMAN ESCAPED THE PAPARAZZI WHICH EFT NO LEFT ME FEELING LIKE A JILTED BRIDE. AFTER ALL THESE STORIES? NO WORD FROM THE DENOUMENT! PENSIVE MIND APPLAUDING THE VICE PRESIDENT.  STAND FOR THE FLAG, KNEEL FOR THE CROSS. TAKING IT OFF HERE BOSS ARE YOU ALL SERIOUS? WHY COVER IT IN THE FIRST PLACE?? WEINSTEIN WIENER FRANKENSTEIN BEANER ON THE OUTSIDE EVEN IN THE OLD WEST I HAD NOT SEEN ACTUAL BULLETS WITH YOUR NAME ON IT COMPLIMENTS TO THE NEW YORKER ON THE AMMUNITION GIMMICK. GIMME CRY THE KIDS SOME OF THAT BRIM CANDY OH SO DANDY DO YOU HAVE IT THERE IN YOUR HANDY NO THEY SOLD IT TO A CHEF WHO DIED THEY SAY AND YET TO COOK UP BREAKFAST SUSPECTING NAJIB AND CO HAVE THE POWER TO PLANT STORIES IN THE PRESS. WHEN YOU GOTTA THINK TWICE BEFORE TYPING YOU KNOW HAVE HIT A NERVE SO DEEP THAT THERE IS NO OTHER OPTION BUT TO ASK THE NURSE AT YOUR SIDE FOR SUCTION. SUCK IT IF YOU THINK YOU CAN PUSH ME AROUND. SURE, THERE'S A SLIM CHANCE I MIGHT BE WRONG ON THIS ONE POINT OF THE PRESS. YOU DECIDE; SEARCH ENGINE - MALAYSIA MAN KILLS SON AND SAYS HE FELT LIKE A POWER RANGE. MIND ENGINE - MAN PRETENDING TO BE A WOMAN SPEAKS OF THOSE MIGHTY MORPHING THINGS A FEW MONTHS AGO TO ME AND I RESPOND THAT IT'S ABOUT LOCATION AS HE WOULD NOT BE SUFFERING ANY OF THESE THOUGHTS/FEELINGS IF SAY HE WERE IN CAMBODIA IN OTHER WORDS INDUSTRIAL PROGRESS ALSO LEADS TO SELF OBSESSIVE POSTURES...RIGHT GUARD WILL NOT HELP YOU HERE...NOW SURE THERE WAS NO TALK OF MURDER BUT I POSTULATE IT WAS TOLD TO EXACT THIS DISTRACTION MAYBE EVEN TO GET ME TO JOT SOMETHING I OTHERWISE WOULDN'T...WOULDN'T YOU? ALL RIGHT THEN YET I FEAR IN MY ATTEMPT FOR CLARITY THERE IS A GREAT LOSS OF LEVITY. YOU DECIDE. I DO KNOW THAT THOUGHTS CAN BE TARGETED AND DERAILED AND BEING THAT THIS IS A WORK IN PROGRESS OH HOW UNFAIR AS I FELT I WAS GETTING NEARER TO SETTING THEM ENTIRELY FREE, SEE WE MIGHT MAKE LIGHT OF EVEN THE DARKNESS HERE YET LET US ALL REMEMBER IT'S TWO GIRLS THERE THAT NEED ALL THE HELP THEY CAN GET. I MEAN IMAGINE IF IT WAS NOORYANA NAJWA OR PUTERI NORLISA? THIS WOULD HAVE BEEN OVER IN WEEKS IF NOT DAYS. WELL, YOU GOT THE MOMent OF DISTRACTION YET WHAT GOOD DID IT DO WHEN IN FACT EVEN WITHOUT THE POWER TO MANIPULATE NEWSPAPERS I COULD LEVEL THE PROSECUTION'S CASE WITH ONLY A COUPLE OF QUESTIONS? \par
\par
BRIM 179 - THE GREAT THING ABOUT MARRYING YOUR DAD IS THAT YOUR DAUGHTER WILL ALSO BE YOUR SISTER! NOT IF IT'S A BOY.  I HAD TO LEAVE SOUTH KOREA AS AGENTS FROM KUALA LUMPUR WERE TRACKING MY MOVES, HACKING MY SOCIALITE MEDIA. IT'S A GOOD THING NOBODY TALKS TO ME MUCH. OTHERWISE WHO KNOWS WHAT CONVERSATION THREAD THEY WOULD HAVE FOUND. WE SAY SO MANY LOOSE LIPS SINK SHIPS WORDS...I FOUND MYSELF IN SWEDEN UNABLE TO GET PAST THE IMMIGRANT CONTROLLED SECTORS YET SHE SAID SHE'D MEET ME ON THE OTHER SIDE OF TOWN. I ONLY NEED TO MOVE MY LOCATION TO A GOOD ENOUGH VIEW IN ORDER TO SEE WHERE THIS SECOND WEEK OF THE TRIAL WILL TAKE US. FAKE US, I CONSIDERED COULD NOT HOLSTER OR HOLD A CONVERSATION NO ONLY AN ECHO THE PARROT PETE AND REPEAT OF ONE OF MY LINES OR SONGS INTERSPERSED WITH YES IT IS REALLY ME AND SO IT GOES...TO SERVE MAN, THE TWILIGHT ZONE EPISODE WHEN I COULD NOT GET A MOVIE, THE SPOILER SQUEELER SCREAMING IT'S A COOK BOOK...HMM SPLIT SCREEN PERSONALITY...DO YOU HEAR VOICES, VOICES CARRY, WHO IS THE PRESIDENT OF THE MONSANTO, MONA LISA MEN HAVE NAMED YOU...YES YET I HAD SEEN THAT EPISODE BEFORE...POLITICALLY WHAT I WANT IS THAT SORT OF THING BUT WITHOUT THE LEG OF MAN WOMAN OR TEEN OH CHILD NO I STILL CANNOT STUDIO BUT I HOPE SOON AS I SAID SS MIDDLE NAME NO ELLE MAGAZINE ACTUALLY FUJI TEA VX MADE SOME WAVES BUT I HAD THEM FACTS ALREADY. KIM AGAIN NORTHERN COMRADE UN THE SIBLING LOOK AT THIS WORD ALL YOU DOTARDS; YOKEFELLOW...COUP OF SYNTAX...THE BIG BOPPER CALLING, NO THERE WERE PROTESTS IMAGINE THAT NOT ONE DROP OF VODKA WITH GOOD OL VLAD...SURE LATER WE HAD SOME FUN BUT WE HAD TO SET A WHOLE MALL ON FIRE...DEMON WARP IS COMING ALIVE IN SIXTY FIVE...JEWS CHANTING THE SQUAD IS ON FIRE...ALL A JEW WANTS TO DO IS DOODLE A CHRISTIAN GIRL...HOWS THAT...WHY DO JEWISH DIVORCES COST SO MUCH? THEY ARE WORTH IT! VAGINA DENTATA ANDY IT'S BITING OH INKY THERE WAS ONE FROM THE POODLE LEFT ON YOU AND NOW I HAVE A FANGED PUSSY WELL I'M STILL YOUR PUSSY FAN BUT SQUEEZE GENTLY IF YOU GOTTA THESE TONGUE BITES ARE AWFUL. WILL IT STILL CLEAN ITSELF OR WILL I NEED ANOTHER DENTIST AHAHA A DOWN THERE TOOTHDOCTOR SORRY MY SELF LOATHING LEADS TO CLOWNING PROLLY SOME SORT OF TOOTH FAIRY WILL TAKE CARE OF IT, THERE ARE ANGELS EVERYWHERE ANDY NOW ENOUGH GOOFING DID YOU ORGASM GOOD WELL WHAT ABOUT THIS A SCRIPT THAT CONCENTRATES ON THIS KIM JONG NAM AS A PARALLEL FOR SOMEONE OR SOMETHING ELSE DO YOU MEAN LIKE A SYMBOL NO IF A SYMBOL WOULD TYPIFY THEN THE PARALLEL WOULD DUPLICATE WHICH WOULD BE IN KEEPING WITH THE IDEA OF ETERNAL RECURRENCE AND MIGHT BE INTERESTING WHADDAYA THINK? OK BUT THAT WOULD INCLUDE THE GIRLS, YES THEY WOULD PERSONIFY HOW EVEN WITH EQUAL RIGHTS WOMEN ARE STILL MISTREATED I'D LOVE TO OPEN WITH THAT WISDOM I LISTENED TO ON FIRING LINE...DIDN'T MAKE SENSE YET HISTORY PROVES IT WAS BEYOND CORRECT...SOME FACTS, YOU KNOW AND THEN THE START SOMEWHERE BEFORE IT ALL WENT SOUR...DOAN; I AM ONE OF FIVE VIETNAMESE CHILDREN. THE ONE THAT GOT TO GO TO A SCHOOL IN HANOI. A LUCKY GIRL UNTIL I TRIED TO LEAVE MALAYSIA...\par
}
