{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs14 BRIM 180 -  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.....now paul, i might say, paul could have played that part...dano...i speak here of the planet of the ape redux lead in the nearly alright hhhh...here is a man directly or inderctly responsible...how could it be so lovely stylish even accurate locations yet fail so hard...it happens in the movies...what's that senator bulworth why are so many of them so bad...after the chemistry department i viewed it first distracted by the starting logo, can i keep my office bob, well harvey let's see how people respond to ms kramer...my reasoning is that the seasoning played out maybe more like hw's story than hey dry itch...anyway it's bad enough to bad mouth any movie production, except radio and a few others we won't mention here, but the main problem is that the lead did not look anything at all alike himmler's number one...jack, you're my number one...he did sort of resemble marlon in the young lions...well, there is also the point that that divsion of the reich was not narrowed down to such actions as the character of the field commander implies after visitng his brothel of choice...a terrible insult to history especially after many of them saved more than a few of the allies...not to applaud whatever horrors one might imagine the axis engaging in during the fight-ing...which brings us to the ambush parachuters with a machine gun jam and you throw a grenade like a little child...the plot goes on in an attempt to increase their heroics but if you told me the downfall of one of the most intense nazi would bring about the destruction of all your surroundings well i would be like maybe this is not the way to go...whatever, hotel terminus had the same problem...the ending despite itself implodes plus mia looks as if they beat her down in pre-production and her character in opposition to fact seems to escape when in truth she was shot down in the aftermath's hunt for those that participated with the resistance...i really wanted to see and enjoy this but i only got half of my wish...to put it another way, what did i learn about the czech guerillas well lavander shampoo, three kings, they could walk in snow, don't tell father, and even against logical london calling warning they went ahead with a plan that was doomed for disaster well maybe it was the mindset of that entire war...two atomic bombs, what could possibly go wrong?\par
\par
\par
181 BRIM - sure, we can edit that out it's only that cinema is well it's like a ballsy kamikaze running to his no return plane and coming at you way above any speed limit previously announced...anyway there's a lot to remove i mean in terms of certain quotes that went on too long...yet onward for now or actually backward let us go...i've got two theories; the scar is from a hand holding sharp metal object...little bitch we are muslim this is a muslim country you want to act like a fucking hindu here take the hand...strike up the band...sands in a dream i was going to sleep the hurt in my temple like a throbbing pulse fused with intesity...had some drunken man fallen thinking of me...i worried but suddenly feverishly thought through fought tears last night maybe it was doan...fucking bloody cunt look at siti that's what we want head bowed looking at nothing and nobody but the ground what the fuck are you looking at you don't look at me you know what we paid for the untold story in gq and we are going to leave you out of it yeah only siti in that story how's that you'll never be famous or you'll be famous for being disfigured...malaysian jail house tattoo it's what they do what could i do what could we do...or dear merciful allah this plastic surgery sure does take time to heal but the eyes look sort of the same have her bangs pressed down on the sides so they can't see it's somebody else...i am beside myself, the vietnam wiki picture looks nothing like the ruby ruby girl the police yellow paris picture looks nothing like the LOL cctv picture and now these frames finally not from behind glass well is that a scar...indications appear to confirm the fact yet the lawyers have not said well the embassy will having something to say or anything yet...leading to the horror show question are they in on the conspiracy if it in fact exists...or as my sister said voodoo does not exist...me, i'm waiting for the third marriage to yet another ex convict...and one and two let's all be on the public address television stress...mesrine look we're on tv...retired actor running for congress in on fire california...i don't drink water and i'm dead...mr dead said i have killed people...but let me not sit on the furniture as it has been lost...really no candy for the kids...no but maybe by halloween we won't be so in between...where was i of course total war...what if while invoking spirits one of them got jelly over doan...don't do it...what is this mickey mouse shit what are you animals doing in my head...it is the private's duty to inform you that that's a full magazine and it's locked and loaded...some things need to be said, they cut off che's hands even after two or three biographies and the film with benny i didn't know that...is doan my sister punched in the head flashback somebody help me. i've got the dead man's shoes and just like this paragraph i am not sure how i feel about it but she did send me forty dollars everybody wants to rule the world see the article...i apologize that this is not a children's book and i hope soon the doan facts are spilled so i can settle on which way to carry on i mean there's a lot to move in terms of clarifying obscure references.\par
\par
181 brim - I kissed her, a long sloppy lip-locking motion. Because Chloe didn't know it, but John Barrymore was gone, and in a way I couldn't have loved her more. "Well, now, Chloe," I said, "you've got your guiness panties in an uproar and all over nothing. I was thinking about the french man eating fish problem. "I've got some translations. I can get some more. A lot of them." "Yeah?" "I can, inky. I know I can! the french are crazy about me and dumb as hell. I'll bet if they  thought I was going to remake jerry lewis movies, he--"   "Who?" I said. "Who are you talking about, chloe?"\par
\par
"Makeup macron. You know who he is, don't you?" "Yeah," I said. "Yeah, I know the make it up as you go right well. How do you figure on taking them down?"\par
\par
We talked it over, lying there on her bed together, and off in the night somewhere the howling voice of soccer fans seemed to whisper to forget it, forget it, inky, it's not too late if you stop now. You can leave and take me with you so we never have to worry that evil french men are eating fish. And I did try, God knows I tried. But right after that, right after the voice, her hand gripped one of mine and kneaded it between her thighs; and she moaned and shivered and so I didn't forget.\par
\par
"Well," I said, after a time, "I suppose we can work it out. The way I see it is, if at first you don't antidote, drink water, and drink water again." "oh, darling?" "In other words," I said, "where there's a gabi there's a gif." She moaned a little, and then she squirted. "Oh, inky, you're as cute as a playstation ! I think I will put you both in the same room!" I could hear men from the pub yelp, God save the Queen. But right after that, right after the yelping and my thoughts over svengali, her hand gripped mine again but not to let go this time; and she held me so that the french worry drifted away through the painted door where the staircase leads to distant pictures and so I kissed her again. a long and intense kissing that was like a riot against the insanity of too much talking..\par
\par
\par
}
