{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs14 BRIM 182 \par
\par
NAJIB : how could you boneheads put a policeman on the stand to testify?\par
\par
PROSECUTOR : we kept it out of most news reports, potentate.\par
\par
\b NAJIB: you are telling me you could not find another witness!\par
\par
PROSECUTOR: the taxi driver won't talk and we thought this could give malaysian cops a new clean public image\par
\par
NAJIB; it says here he was not actually present but only viewed the unreleased surveillance tapes.\par
\par
PROSECUTOR: well, isn't that better than nothing.\par
\par
NAJIB: you are a bone head a bone headed dope. i picked you because of our resemblance thininking if this went well the elections could be held right before the defence presents its case but now well, you'd better find some real witness.\par
\par
PROSECUTOR we will do all we can potentate and when are the elections?\par
\par
NAJIB: elections, ha, they are going to be held whenever we want.\par
\par
\par
BRIM 183 -  It was ten in the morning in malaysia and nearing midnight on the american east coast. I was still attempting to get back to sweden. the austrian air flight was such a treat that i waited till the last minute to disembark from the craft. my evening in berlin had been eventful and filled my soul, wherever my soul had wound up in the world after all the topsy turvy whirlwinds, with love. not only that, i had picked up on the code i would employ within this very manuscript to let readers decipher a few hidden messages...here's one; 176 - 005/001 - 014/001 - 018/002.....page 176 fifth line first word, code. fourteenth line first word, encounter. eighteenth line second word, musings. thence the message would be ; code encounter musings. CEM. england ruminates...that one's example...the ample ex could not wait for breakfast...did you eat...eat you did...i trampled through the argument between stanley & simmons incorporated and the ace and it made me hesitate to suggest any more arguments into the world...did he actually say money grubbing jews...i don't know...but the thing that does not help them is that when you get to the solo albums it's back in the new york groove that stands out...what was that, marilyn? like a hard on in a room full of cocksuckers....compliments to mr manson for the erection gimmick! to conclude i basically decided a while ago not to engage in that type of conflict and hearing it well proves me right moves me into letting certain things transpire without protest but once in a while a man or in this case a narrator needs to push through the pressure and position the words let us say against an attack to refer to a recent event in the trial or an attached fake all the while distracting even feelings...point is i loathe bickering however interesting it might be to listen to for a few minutes yet i do need to linger within that sort of musing if only to dispel the bullshit.  Berlin was lovely. a lover you do not want to let leave the embrace of your arms...a rock and roll song that sustains itself within memory without distracting one's thoughts...still at such speeds a lot of it simply blurs...are you actually standing there telling me about how you love a city instead of me, why i ought to throw an avocado at you! can't you see how nice and lovely i am? and to disregard my sexual advances the whole night because you want to cover a murder trial, how do you think that makes a woman feel? well, say something...i'm thinking that maybe the solo albums were irony gone wild since later on they did reclaim some territory while ace floated and for me to stand here now and say sweet words or how much i adore your clitoris well you shouldn't make someone kiss your ass not if you respect them besides i got a ship of fools dying to get me to switch my viewpoint and see certain things as being good or even good for me when they clearly are not good...sleep depravation, for example, leads to death, don't let anyone tell you otherwise. now let me in. i am exhausted from the trip and standing here...\b0\par
}
