{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 BRIM 190\par
\par
1931 russell mack lonely wives two song soundtrack kitty minter played by patsy ruth miller...diane o'dare portrayed by laura laplante...a film, alike this saga, released in february...now, since, we are being made to wait and force fed the daily dose of news i myself took that turn and enjoyed it even if i had not thought to yodle to a dame...yodley eeh hoo, ladies...dick is simply a different man after eight o'clock...i had spent most of the day trying to escape the supermarket and smoking cigarettes after examining pictures of doan...it does appear to be the same woman in the paris i love you shirt but is it the same woman in the LOL blouse...still can't make that connection...najib had declared that there is a reason for that smile in relation to something else yet given the timing i thought at least twice to make it a shaky reference...put-placing oregano in a dr grabow pipe i puffed at the smoke alike a flying dragon fuming over some journalist killed in malta with a car bomb...they were giving away maletas at the nacional...i got one point but would need twenty...gogol i knew you since you was a twenty...the color violet...the black and white film where what drew me in was the typing at the start...kitty minter...had the big bopper seen this and wiggled in that line you know what i like...herein i mean the actual musician...they were all from sparta and used to go fishing...the doctor, the pharacist, and the tobacco tycoon who said let me put your name on it please and the rest is well, diane o'dare... seven days to go, meanwhile the more i look the more i want to nineteen thirty one...\par
\par
\b\fs14 BRIM 191 mister inky stayed in de writin' room. Dey wuzn' nothin' he didn' know 'bout writin'. he knew every kind of book, poem, song an' bible dat made red, blue, green, or whatever words he wanted. Dey had a big guitar whare de witches set over de chords. Mister inky would fill dem wid sperms, den he put in de chorus, verse an' stuff an' boil de cunny juice out, den she strain it an' put in de sugar an' salt to set de way. After he done been heard to said, whom else take de blood an' lap dem in de pot of his own mouths. i stir dem 'roun' an' lif' dem up an' down wid my stick after they don't evens need no tampon pads an' when she hang dem witch panties up on de line in de sun, dey was new as de rainbow. When inky dripped dry he was sent to de waitins room whare dey was wove in sleepygirl blankets an' things. When I growed up I want to married inky man. He belonged to many hidden green lights who had de media 'cross de county line in every County. We would had a big weddin'. We could married on de front po'ch of de little house. inky man killed all the cockroaches an' Mis' red had told me, she wud cook to bake a big weddin' cake all iced up white as snow wid a bride an' groom standin' in de middle holdin' han's. De table could be set out in de yard under de trees, an' you ain't never seed de like of eats. All de niggers and the jews come to de feas' hell even puerto ricans and catalans an' inky man had a insult for both sides for everybody. Dat wud be some weddin'. Uncle demon Keys could married us. He was de gook preacher dat preached at de television church. After Uncle demon wud said de las' words over me an' inky go to jump over de broom stick backwards; you got to do dat to see which one gwine be boss of your househol'.' Everybody come stan' 'roun to watch. We could had eleven led zeppelin chillun. I be worth a heap to mr inky kaze I had so many chillun. De more chillun a wife had de more dey was worth. When de war of the lol assassins come inky man was too ole to go, but he went. He went an' took my notebooks an pens wid him.  ole as he was he was back an writin in russias an koreana an coolie lamps malay all day Dey didn' none one shot get, but Mis' red was skeered near 'bout to death all de time, skeered de inky gwine be brung home shot all to pieces like some of de republicans was or runned down in the roads. inky told me asians was all de time hungry, de fus' thing dey ax for when dey come was sumpin' to put in dey stomach. An' chicken! I ain' never see even no nigger eat chicken like dem malay. I believes to my soul dey ain' never see no chicken 'twell dey come down to mcdonalds. An' hot biscuit too. I see a ass of dem eat up a whole sack of flour one night for supper. the chef sif' flour 'twell he look white an' dusty as that dick zero in lonely wifes. Dem russias didn' turn down no ham neither. Dat de onlies' thing dey took from inky man. Dey went in de smoke house an' toted off de hams an' shoulders. inky say he come off mighty light if dat all dey want, 'sides he got plenty more anyhow. he still now writin all bout the lol assassin war and me is still down waitin on the feas' dat wud be some weddin corse mis red say not if inky man marry her before i can buy a broom beside she say she could give him iced up white cake all the nights if he holdin her han's.\b0\fs20\par
}
