{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs14 brim 203\par
\par
via happenstance i encountered a tweet posted which posed the question over doan thi houng...was she the woman in the acronym...i don't have a response for that given that the cctv picture stills display a pretty square face where it appears to me that doan's is more oval or rounded not to mention that she was blonde at the time and the lady in the photo looks very much alike a brunette...in any case beneath it was a link to the new york post article which was published earlier today without any new insight...the light, however, for this paragraph or page which will depend on type setting, is not about that but rather or instead about the responding thread which indicated to me that more than a few people have no real concept over the facts although they have been widely reported...there was only one reaction which made sense in its positive disbelief of the general trend which swayed vehemently towards the side of cupability both in terms of doan thi huong and kim jong un...a lot of responses indicated that they think she is north korean and some even wondered if she would laughing out loud when executed...if feminism isn't dead, then it might as well be buried...now, to celebrate death is all well and good, the ex mossad agent would be a nice example until confronted casually with a palestinian, i have done it myself i hate to admit but the mob mentality will have its day...oh sam i been so impossible...what is possible? we cannot convince others or remove them from their belief however a quick fact check will prove her to be from vietnam if not her countenance which is rather unlike the korean structure...i know but i'm the type that likes to play the outfielders nearer to the wall so it won't go over their heads...right, since i'm here allow me to repeat some of the reasons for reasonable doubt dismissal-acquittal of the vietnamese doan thi huong and the indonesian siti aisyah :1. the passport which "disintegrated" while under police custody according to one report and mailed to north korea in a second account in which the questionable officers made a copy. 2. NO REAL MOTIVE. 3. among the items not returned when requested; $$$ meaning how can we believe anything malaysian authorities claim. 4. both the prosecution and the witnesses admit there are other suspects. 5. doan and siti did not wear masks which is a common practice in the asian lands as obviously they thought they were performing...6. guards in kuala lumpur preventing photo ops and the argument would be protection yet they could allow a few with press credentials a few seconds to snap a picture easily. 7. the judge allows a live feed as the trial moves onto the lab and then the airport indicating a reticence to allow reporters access. 8. the taxi attendant claims he did not see them at all and thus far no taxi driver available to interrogate over their "escape" from the scene of the crime. 9. why drive a sedated and seemingly tranquil patient from the airport clinic to the medical center??? and how on earth did they happen to have the antidote on hand??? along with this note that at no time was klia2 shut down following the incident, there was a "sweep" with men in space suits perhaps only for pictures...10. how could the medical team have know to administer the antidote, there is no other reported case in kuala lumpur or malaysia for any attending doctor to guess with precision that it was VX!!! think about, blurry eyes, sweat, something applied on his face or neck...that is all they had to go on, having studied some medicine one could only conjure a allergic reation, perhaps exhaustion, mild heart attack or stroke but to jump to a weapon of mass destruction in a matter of minutes well...11. as implied previously the clinic behaviour was odd. 12. brace yourselves here's the big one, WMD VX NOT HARMFUL TO HAND. post-script, if you were locked up for months and suddenly found yourself in another setting with crowds of people curious about you it might give you pause or cause to grin maybe smile or even omg yes lol.  how mean thy hates fostered in falsity. \par
}
