{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs18 BRIM 204\par
\par
mugabe: finally some love and it is pulled away like a dangling bugger from a dry nose!\par
\par
grace: oh my chizi it was only a pretending position to be the goodwill man, better for us to concetrate on getting the diamond money back from the belgian.\par
\par
mugabe: no no my shuga sangwichi i can feel the zombie powers leaving me, i'm sure it was an attempted assassination forogo in the road! how it hurts a coup keke quick get me some blood porridge.\par
\par
grace: now you listen to me chizi you are my chizi and i am still too young to be a widow! you don't need that porridge all you need to do is concentrate and remember who you are, star of american cinema and television! jordan gaines superfly tnt, dr frank napier lean on me, you are a big fish chizi yes benson guillaume!!! the voice of rafiki robert peter williams lion king chizi...\par
\par
mugabe:  yes yes my shuga sangwichi i can feel it all of it all the assassination and the coup making its way right through the american's butthole, why i feel like a new man.\par
\par
grace: you will feel even better when i am i am vp!!! then i will personally pay back the world health organization...now get some rest...here here how about some music too what is this ah yes the greatest hits of fats domino.\par
\par
\par
BRIM 205\par
\par
trial viewing the suspected males...the word mastermind was employed by the officer yes still the same witness...why? well there are no other witness, yet to act as if nobody ever interacted with anybody else at the airport is really a stretch..,even by malaysian standards...i've picked up life stories from people i never met before at airports and in airplanes...none of them struck me as masterminding anything other than friendship...sama sama hotel samurai i must have sensed it thinking of sam my miracle muse...the tree of life is growing where the spirit never dies...chang said he was the producer of chinese video prank shows...there's pictures of ivanka running why don't i have these, xi calls out his voice trembling with desperation at the notion of spandex...i am never hiring filipino helpers again...he sighs, any sperm i inflict on her will eventually return to haunt me and yet what am i do now that i have seen the woman of my dreams...flipping the remote over he plays i need you by lay and one more night by yepgirls...the filipino bursts in with spandex pictures and jared blurred out of the frames...he hands them to xi who raises an eyebrow and then after a moment the bazaar magazine with her on the cover which makes xi say all right you can stay and i will make arrangements for your family to get their travel papers now go i have business to attend to\par
and he pulls it out and starts the slide up and to the left with one communist hand and the other turning pages as the player spews out my new swag by vava & t...bangkok marching slow the rest of us say fare thee well to the king of thai yes land not weed stick smoke i slept twelve hours so happy while 23 were killed and 43 injured indonesia explosion..,wendy ng yan yee had the drugs too...the judge said i want to get high and so now we wait until november six...i notice abc news said malaysia has never directly accused north korea...birthday of plutonium...ode watermelon man code name cannikin aleutians re-elected ronald i had planned to celebrate with emma and ethan the flag day in sweden...really, 12 days to look at a few minutes of blurry tape well it takes time fly in mind readers from the himalayans...hold on doan hold on siti...ps, sarah; if the early skinny songs get played you are in for a slice of the pie i promise. harman smiles, her social life in tatters from swinging work hours. she says we must do something about the perception of raised arms in germany i mean even if only for the school children.  \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
