{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Agency FB;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20\par
\b\par
\par
BRIM 206 --- Life, given any sort of chance, will insist.  Luck, it seems, was neither with Doan Thi Huong or Siti Aisyah, within those February days.  They'd been working odd jobs to make ends  meet for themselves and for their family members over in Vietnam and Indonesia. \par
\par
Luxury, more often than not, is taken for granted. A given. A grain in the sands of an expansive resort. One piece in the jigsaw puzzle of some expensive lifestyle...something not readily available to most of the women in Hanoi or Sumatra along with most places on planet earth.\par
\par
As I sit attempting to type and cursing the surrounding noises that haunt the evening from the careless day's screeching while enjoying American menthol cigarettes and German purity law beer, it hardly crosses my mind that many of those same women are up for sale...retail as well as the extended contract of so-called marriage. In other places you will hear DTH or SA defined as ladies of pleasure or worse yet the fact cannot be argued that many if not most marriages are based on some sort of financial agreement...Goats, gold, goulash and let us include a lack of gossip in some places are often a pre-requisite.  The statements are not intended to defend their morality or to attack the ancient institution of a union between a man and a woman. Not at all, only to underline how it is not only more than possible to be oblivious to hmm let us call it slavery for sake of ease while we enjoy this or that indulgence. \par
\par
Enough prelude. I point here to position the query - having recently enumerated several articles which all lead to a reasonable doubt in their involvement and intent in terms of the alleged murder of kim jong nam or as the court has opted to call him; kim chol - and that is how in the name of any logic did the officers in kuala lumpur track down these two women with hours of the incident?\par
One could safely imagine that at least dozens, perhaps hundreds passed through the area in question at klia two at about the same time. One could also postulate that if a judge requires twelve days to contemplate the cctv video should not the investigation/investigators needed a bit more time to conclude with certainty that these in fact were suspects. I feel confident that they and maybe even others will point to the LOL apparel yet consider that they would have had to guess from a long list of recent arrivals and without an eyewitness saying sure that is Doan and that Siti. No airport employee, no taxi driver fingered them. It was? what, a remarkable perhaps historical piece of detective work? \par
\par
Now then, given what is known about the enforcement agencies in malaysia, this appears highly unlikely. Take for example the graft of millions which is actually not being handled by this crack team of investigators but an international body...In most places, one would need a warrant to walk through somebody's locked door. In this case, nothing has been said or written of that type of order only that indeed they found the suspects and proceeded to interrogate them for hours without legal representation - in itself a reason to suspend any sort of fair proceeding trial -  then locked them up to wait with a series of date changes the most recent being the current delay to the sixth of november.  \par
\par
A writer, even in ths modern day internet everybody typing era, given any sort of a chance will write.  In trying to right this situation, these circumstances, I find that what is mentioned here should not have been overlooked. Often, in trying to find or fight for a new path to pave upon the page, the pen will play to itself without regard to what might have been axiomatic. The diffidence that faltered, the not done...Yet, now it is dressed for the audience that appreciates logic and the balanced process of the law. I suppose the courts in kuala lumpur should be among that crowd...\par
\par
Alike life, I insist, there should be release and freedom for Doan Thi Huong and Siti Aisyah and not only that but also compensation for all the calamity which this detainment, arrest, captivity, and trial by media has caused them and their loved ones. \b0\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\b\par
BRIM 207\par
in order to be prepared to view the new blade runner i watched the old one and yes i still don't like that film...not for slowness, not for neo-noir, not for style instead the insisting ads and the protagonist always being saved by the proverbial bell...what the hell, i rested and heard the messages roll in...well africa has every right to use all the colored american folks they can to payback slavery...save me from these arguments...no, all right the other side yeah but you people sold yourselves out...omg, there's no end to it...i duck and head to the library singing we are the world we are the childrens...the new kennedy info...in a glance it tells me the kgb thought it was lbj while the cia is posting puppy pictures and making the president hold back some print...another message, james is a double agent working for the democrats nobody puts that much effort into propaganda unless they want the opposite effect...for every action there is an equal and contrary reaction, i have heard so perhaps parts of the united dodgers and astros are chained by african forces...i start back examing the earlier position since i am in fact considering the campaign manager position for the congressional run...i suppose no, it's only intensity...the terminator of the internet...in all this, later, i contemplate that very few people mention white slavery...i know some actors will be able to relate to this line of thinking...type casting, stereotyping...sheryl's poem speaks volumes...i dreamt of laura palmer...it was as if we were somehow of the same mind where our actions hardly ever felt to disturb the space surrounding us...you know the type of ease i mean where there is no worry or hurry it's only she and me without a scheme...i wake up and forget...yet like many dreams it's there waiting for those few seconds of tranquility to bring it all back home and indeed returning to bed it comes back to me right before i see berlin syndrome...a shocker of a scene especially in contrast to my casual dream...i spend most of the picture trying to tell the locked in girl to fill the bathtub with water and set the place on fire right before the kidnapper's arrival but no dice...well, i guess that is why i didn't write that show...it would have been fifteen minutes long...one day me and sofia will make a two hour picture but not today...so where are the other thoughts hovering over this one idea...ah yes pook is not here...oh no book is nonsense to some...wait, it is going to get worse...in the land, inspired by jfk conspiracy theories, of way out there stretch limo waiting for prom season i say to myself well inky what if it is only something centered around the opposite, two men poisoning a woman...what woman..not sure, where did the aliens land? the garden state...a mirror image of something past maybe even future...few sure....is this the story of johnny rotten HRC...trump and pence in a tag team match yet her running mate was high on harmonica and lo and behold maybe well what i did like was like tears lost in the falling rain.\b0\par
\par
BRIM 208 so this is my new fic!!! the fic will help me meet my expectations of a new paragraph!!! this was inspired by high times and code also my best friend and soulmate 4 life is helping me with this fic so yay!!! someone has sex but not really so don't leave me!!! hope you like reading it as much as i enjoy writing it!!! None of you truly believes until he loves for his brother what he loves for himself aduie my / Love from your /affectionate R. Revere...it was back to water sports and pissing...cao bang The sticks are made from split bamboo collected special herbs in the mountains and grind them to make  powder. They later add it to pine powder and add colour. The final step is to put the wet incense out under the sun to dry...as the cannabis industry moves fully out of the shadows, it is  establishing itself among the most highly regulated business environments in the  world, on a par with financial services, gaming and health care in terms of depth and complexity within the regulatory framework - Please don\rquote t misunderstand. don\rquote t hate HTML/JS; not at all. I just don\rquote t think it\rquote s a magic bullet or universal answer...every once in a while after the abraham film i get the nagging feeling that it was someone in the car or on the grassy knoll high powered hit...mob boss maybe he did screw...the Elector and the filectress and the other royalties, who were all very gracious my opera is to be given again on Friday next, and I am very necessary at the performance, or it might be difficult  to recognize it again. There are very odd ways here. 1000 kisses to Miss Bimberl Owner Erin Sucher said she let the dog, Sophie, out on a leash just after 6 a.m. and walked away for a few seconds when the coyote walked up and snatched the little dog. thwarted coyote, the kgb thirty spies foiled..They have not appraised Allah with true appraisal, while the earth entirely will be [within] His grip on the Day of Resurrection, and the heavens will be folded in His right hand. Exalted is He and high above what they associate with Him. My dream was loud but was it aloud, here and there one sees reflections and starts to worry anyway who was that masked man...the lone ranger...a fourteen year old model...magus baiza wanted new scripture...Spears shall be shaken! Shields shall be splintered! a sword day..a red day..ere the sun rises! Ride now! Ride now! Ride! Ride to ruin, and the world\rquote s ending! \par
}
