{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs14 BRIM 210\par
\par
The daylight savings hour pulled itself back. I sent a fan letter to orson welles. The recording that had brought him both fame and infamy was still kicking the dust off the mind shelves...even in a different language.  I tried to picture her thoughts after they heard the space craft had arrived in jersey. of course, as with all news and fake news, the effects were not lasting and soon i found i needed otherwise to escape...\par
\par
Twelve days. Intermission. Your mission if you decide to accept it is to do nothing or as we say on the east coast nuthin. I did my best in sleeping and in dreaming...sometimes i felt i was living in london...once, i spied a face so perfectly freckled which insisted that we knew each other...i did not think so and walked out awaking...still, strangely now i do feel that she was right...last night with models that were searching for work in the town formerly known as new york...de bills they call it now, sadly. otherwise i watched or rewatched some films bad girl from 31 and the they don't make them like they used to man...edgar a poe buried alive yes a do cum entry with an often employed title that the mainstream seemed to miss...the vault since ms eastwood was in it and all those notes from 1982...there's one response for how do you know you are not already dead...the same phone call...now, when halloween presented itself i went with gotti not knowing that a relative had been on trial that very day...i'm still not done with tarnished lady yet i will be soon...the only other entertainment i haven't mentioned is the best of enemies since i only hit it up for some highlights and then went into an intellectual trance over the tape of buckley and borges specifically the looming translated extemporaneously as asomo...i can't explain the sensation and i don't want to it's one of those moments that can transform someone's life if they opt to pay attention...later, i read blue tigers and the library of babel all the while trying to not get drenched in the newsy pull streaming sometimes senseless in /dis /formation...to blow my mind all that you need to say is that everything written can be contained in two symbols . and - that is the period and the dash...\par
\par
morse code cash.  i'm looking at the story with october gone...i'm searching through my one idea sad that no one has sent me the final dossier yet...well, i do have more than a few books to read...\par
turturro i kept thinking and before that kerry yet it was the sword of alias and mueller yes not bueller...lost testicle...we are not going to speak about hillary clinton even it means .- yes, even if it means dash and period...the last time they started, there was vegas and now as if to exterminate with extreme three name prejudice texas...you might ask, how does one get through nearly two weeks on half a dozen films and a couple of stories well watson word play hell i find that a juicy set of letters might entertain me for hours...my red joystick...indeed i will say it again all you need to know about a writer is there at the end of the usual suspects...and sex, well it was so good i realized that we don't need another hero and i need a miracle are nearly exact opposites in terms of song lyrics...i dressed up as dracula, the drive back from new jersey found me drifiting away from reality and down into the land of dreams...she was next to me when i awoke and i got out of the car searching for word of the proceedings from the court in kuala lumpur. \par
\par
\par
BRIM 211\par
\par
is she twelve or twenty one  by broiler and the pedophiles \par
lyrics copyright don't tell anybody music 2016\par
\par
is she twelve or is she twenty one\par
why does she walk that way with him\par
is that her little brother or her son\par
i been chemically castrated but i got my phantom limb\par
\par
is she twelve years old or is she twenty one\par
everyday i dream of her naked tail\par
i drool on her tan pink titties in the sun\par
i been arrested but i'm out on bail\par
\par
is she twelve or is she twenty one years old\par
yesterday she wore a tight tank top of green\par
had to get me some extra medication hold\par
i been dialing the number 800 talk to a pre teen\par
\par
-touch tone phone sound solo-\par
\par
is she twelve or is she twenty one\par
i couldn't stand it no more and knocked on her door\par
told me i could have her if i joined isis with a gun\par
i been buying bullets from the layaway gun store\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
BRIM 212\par
\par
To Whom It May Concern,\par
\par
Gentlemen, as i settled in to wait for these book matters to find resolution, i find my tranquility disturbed by a hurly burly in the once fair town of manhattan. As we know, the sense of safety and prosperity which had been achieved by republicans is now going to pieces under the democrat mayor. \par
\par
Of course, that is something which new york's finest and the election should remedy in the near future yet it is not the reason for this letter. The reason is an incident on 12th street...As we know, when frankie went to 12th street and seen her albert loving up alice bly well the gun went off...Also, i have a special relationship with 12th street since it is where i encountered william hickey...Now then, it has come to my attention that ellen barkin found a possible intruder lurking about her home. \par
\par
I cannot imagine the horror, even in these morally corrupt times wherein feminism is being told to wait two hundred years for equal pay, and having lived in my aunt's house for a few weeks in the past i know with near exactitude how she might have felt during the haunting. \par
\par
Such sideshows cannot be allowed to be, to exist.  Are we to live at the mercy of back pack men creeping at this entrance or that terrace? is the legacy of william hickey meaningless? How can we permit the lovely and talented to be hounded in their own abode? \par
\par
I daresay, the situation calls for desperate measures.  Sure, it will not make crime disappear but to not take a serious stand on this point might mean that the war we have been waging for civilization is near to a lost cause. I don't care if the perp is dressed as santa claus on the 24th of december, this area needs to be a no fly zone. period.  I for one refuse to write any sequel or series based on finding forrester, not the character, not the beer!  and to punctuate with the harshest exclammation point i mean this to say even at the cost of myself not being granted access to her buzzer.  \par
\par
Gentlemen, I want you to seriously consider even inspecting the mail carriers within that zip code section. I repeat, this should be a high priority item. I say so from a point of view of admiration, however, even amongst yourselves there might be other opinions...I hold that the taking up of this task will help all of the empire state in a sort of domino effect if you will pardon a cheap example. \par
\par
Please note, moreover, she is among the elite and selected few that have given me occassion to not only smile but also if i may be so bold giggle. A lady that has taken many risks on the screen for our enjoyment and the memory of her gives the inky realm   pleasure and even cause to celebrate.\par
\par
i thank you for your time....and hope not to hear any other ellen barkin press item other than happy publicity or in the event of her death. my lawyers have been alerted and briefed and you may contact them in the case of my unavailabitlity.\par
S&B as it was is now and will always ink realm\par
november 2017 headquarters\par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\b0\fs20\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
