{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 BRIM 215 THE ABSOLUTE FAT CONVERSATION TURNED...TO BE CLOSE TO HIS FOUR OF HIM IN SHAKESPEARE -  come and see and i looked and i saw and i beheld bar and wine restaurant on the leather steeds they ride loosened screws on the back of the tongue marlon brando turned down the role of julio saying didn't valentino do that and i don't dance the tango... In my experience half the men I met lied about their height, hence the question perhaps? Sure a lot of women lie about their weight so I suppose they should be ready for that question. It's online dating, most everyone lies/omits/etc Lady Shri Ram College Men with manners dont ask how much a woman weighs especially if you are actually with her in the physical. What is the point??? . It is like asking a man how much he earns. There are plenty of lies told by both genders. How about you load a clear full length photo on your profile? You may be hiding a beer gut!! cab printing press occult nottingham handball ava from asplay mann trinity it sort of progressed from there...viborg denmark oooossssmmm as in osm you faddduu HOW MUCH DID DIBLA SEE OH PAY FOR RE-ELECTION this is a disease that humans have got what is here is nothing to do with humanity i assume it's a family name make it stop bitches aren't born they are made Three months new to me devotion have you ever met any himalayan HUNTER LORD image bank stage prop heat jitters the kid is whizzing around like a buzz saw whistle stop crab kid it wasn't so much that but they would jews in two other areas bringing with them the concept of theater because they are urban islands lurianac BUFFOONS WELDED WITHIN FOLLY are you going to eat that IT IS BETTER TO TABULATE i'd rather be thin than famous WORKD OF THE SUDDEN synthetic human flesh for cannibals on a diet  HEY FARAH WILL YOU EAT THE PLACENTA what what did i say oh please don't say that if i can't be with you she's going to make me go see broiler and the pedophiles COMING UP THE CHARTS ON CHILD-KICKER 76.9 FM IT'S LITTLE STEPS ACROSS THE BORDER BROILER AND HIS SWINGING PEDOPHILES WITH THEIR NEW SENSATION like a popsicle not hot dog...THE CONVERSATION TURNED FAT...there ain't been this much talk of four since the rebbe let one of them ethiopians grow up with his foreskin...WHAT IF WE NEED THIS TYPE FOR THE BLACK CUBE OPS...well, i reckon it will still be a while before anything actually resembling justice bounces out of the court but is the fault really in our stars? he starts, he stops. \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
