{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs14 BRIM 216\par
\par
LIKE A POPSCICLE (NOT A HOT DOG)  \par
by broiler and the pedophiles\par
copyright don't tell anybody music 2017\par
\par
there you go with those texas teeth\par
didn't i tell you i think it's really a sin\par
little girl if you want to have my beef\par
let me tell you how to make it grin\par
\par
\par
like a popsicle \par
not a hot dog\par
like a popsicle\par
it ain't no bacon hog\par
\par
i know you got your homework stack\par
and i know you got your meals on wheels\par
little girl but i got your nightcap snack \par
come on and suck it's right here\par
\par
like a popsicle yeah yeah\par
not no hot dog no no\par
like a popsicle up in the air\par
come on child take it and go\par
\par
remember to relax if you feel it choke\par
go ahead and swallow when it's wet\par
hold it a while like bong hit toke\par
it ain't work you won't even sweat\par
\par
cool like a popsicle popscicle\par
not no hot dog mustard log\par
like a popsicle ride bicycle \par
make my balls bounce like a frog\par
\par
\par
BRIM 217 \par
\par
Thursday in Kuala Lumpur meaning over a month of the trial with only one court sketch released through the media. It sort of feels like a waiting game. Stare down and blink first...Eyes wide shut, everywhere...Stanley took fifteen months to film that movie and it's Wednesday here late evening. \par
\par
I don't feel like writing within the fragments of their echo because it will sound hollow and thin that is without substance for instance when they reveal a name already long ago reported in say February well will the readers feel that I am insulting their intelligence or memory as I feel they are affronting mine? I react to it, but do I want to or need to continue...I tell myself, no. Yet I also know that letting it go might mean allowing Doan and Siti to be put to death...Women dying in the place of the men or as they casually reference it in parts of the press the masterminds...\par
\par
At this crossroads, I suppose the only thing to do is to follow the feeling as it flows or finds itself. \par
\par
Indeed, there is really nothing say until the time arrives for it to be said. We know that truth and justice are rarely what they should be as in the highly annotated american crime saga which was recently made into television and film material yet nobody played the o'jays back stabbers...\par
\par
I did, however, find myself entertained by the obvious fact that all these people are nearly shouting North Korean guilt and or responsibility but nobody is pressing charges...When you feel the attention turned upside down and backwards and pointing at yourself in terms of previous actions attitudes or even fantasy well you know that what they want is business as usual even if it means killing two women...two innocent women.  \par
\par
During this work in progress, it has happened and what is worse is the implanted thought which is immediately transmitted like an indictment of brim's intention or stance...Happens so fast that there is no time to think, wink...You can only be seen in so many ways, add one wrong reflection and it puts everything else into doubt, i reckon. Yet they forget that brim is only a container overflowing in a work in progress set of notes which when attacked become - at least to my thinking - more powerful and more profound than i imagined and so more valuable and yes valid...That is, making the mattter of these innocent women a lot more urgent.  Now, they have not limited this corruption to me but have deployed the false thoughts against some that are or might be in agreement...Devious and borderline criminal contempt of individuality! Swift facts that connot be proven for being ethereal, intangible save for within thought's flesh or feeling's breath. They push and yet the shove is not seen much like the dangerous politics of democrats in america...Tell yourselves and tell others; REAL LIBERTY BREEDS INEQUALITY and even slavery others might add. That said, it is fine to force me this way or that for i am confident that even if i only get a few excellent pages from this manuscript well it will still be a notch above many others. However, I have not yet found any agreeable way in which to balance within moral emotions the elimination of these women. are they not your daughters, sisters, mothers? are they not your wives? where is the wisdom that speaks to dismantle their existence for the sake of an overwheight preppy predisposed to a playboy lifestyle or even his allegedly in danger male offspring that might make the world a better place by taking the reigns of north korea...I realize i am rambling in a world made of fluff and sound byte echoes from the chinese american corporate machines but still even in our fake equality there must be a space and a time to say hey not these women, these were pawns in fact even if they held knowledge they had no personal motive except possibly payment and how can we hold that against them when most of their like are chained to the working week  or sold for the price of let us say a self propelled cadaver carrier...We cannot, we should not! the lack of outrage is bewildering even if some intentions are clandestine or even if all of it is a cover up for even greater corruption than say North Korea firing a missile into the deep blue sea...Are you all guam dotards? Will none of you join me in demanding the freedom of Doan and Siti from Malaysia? How does their detention improve your world...How will their hanging build upon the progress of society? I will go further, remove pyongyang entirely from the world and you will still have africa and all its dictators, the middle east conflict plus syria, iraq, afghanistan, not to mention overpopulation, poverty, sickness, did i say yemen and venezuela and last but not least nuclear waste!  on the other hand, in saving them, we are giving hope to all the women in that part of the world and beyond, we are saying you can make a mistake and be set free.  \par
\par
Perhaps, brim has spilled onto the tracks and has slowed the march of their press machine hounds as the barking has been muffled down to scattered whimperings this week and so they have turned their attention and sought maybe bought ways to bring me down and yes i am in some sorrow and yes i am stumbling to see how to continue or even to stop until another time...\par
\par
More likely than not I am only expecting that they will convene and return on monday, but I will accept the sound of a mistrial. Happily. \par
\par
\par
\par
}
