{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs16 BRIM 224  --15 november roughneen in the los angeles times...rough hew, the play is the thing and thus i am bid to scan the document. what does one notice simon says; after brazen poisoning of North Korean leader's half brother, trial unfolds in Malaysian courtroom...two things ; not A poisoning and not THE poisoning then ending the title with room instead of the easier court?  below that, a silent ungrainy film clip of a minute and forty five seconds...images with overlay explanations wheeled out in silence except for the screaming insinuation that kim jong un had a part to play even as the video demonstrates that the DPRK had a lot more to lose. simon says they are both wearing head scarves and tells us that one of them was twirling her hands in that italian style one might encounter especially in the south of what remains of the center of the roman empire...\par
\par
He doesn't which one but he does say they have been on trial since the second of october which is not true as we know they have held hearings before october and both have been detained since february 15th...Next there is a claim that the cctv footage aired on tv around the world which albeit possible is highly unlikely given the lack of interest we have witnessed thus far in the trial. The article goes on to recount briefly the early days of the stand off between NK & Msia...There is no new information here until we learn that they are not wearing the bullet proof vests while in court or if we must forsake brevity courtroom...\par
\par
The end of the story describes the police escort procedure which we already know about to some extent and then the newspaper in a strange twist exclaims simon says as a special correspondent with shashank bengali contributing to the report i suppose to cover any future corrections...\par
\par
It seems no one has taken up their investigative skills to sculpture something about my chinese connection theory even after uncovering four notable yellow ones gone precisely a year before the hit on kim jong nam...hmm...\par
\par
Meanwhile in the malaysian hall of justice they were going on and on about some piece of clothing and how it was cut and how someone didn't feel well for a week after touching it...but nothing really interesting...i am unhappy to report.  ps, when the los angeles times tells it the film was grainy they mean it was undecipherable as when you try to make out the eye color of someone across the street from within a swift moving train or tinted window bus. oh busan how i had missed you!\b0\fs20\par
\par
\b\fs16 BRIM 225 - the following is already part of the manuscript and may be found on the section numbered 203 - it is reprinted here in order to demonstrate that all the points are still valid and that the prosecution cannot even face a single one for well they know it would mean instant mistrial! \par
\fs14\par
some of the reasons for reasonable doubt dismissal-acquittal of the vietnamese doan thi huong and the indonesian siti aisyah :1. the passport which "disintegrated" while under police custody according to one report and mailed to north korea in a second account in which the questionable officers made a copy. 2. NO REAL MOTIVE. 3. among the items not returned when requested; $$$ meaning how can we believe anything malaysian authorities claim. 4. both the prosecution and the witnesses admit there are other suspects. 5. doan and siti did not wear masks which is a common practice in the asian lands as obviously they thought they were performing...6. guards in kuala lumpur preventing photo ops and the argument would be protection yet they could allow a few with press credentials a few seconds to snap a picture easily. 7. the judge allows a live feed as the trial moves onto the lab and then the airport indicating a reticence to allow reporters access. 8. the taxi attendant claims he did not see them at all and thus far no taxi driver available to interrogate over their "escape" from the scene of the crime. 9. why drive a sedated and seemingly tranquil patient from the airport clinic to the medical center??? and how on earth did they happen to have the antidote on hand??? along with this note that at no time was klia2 shut down following the incident, there was a "sweep" with men in space suits perhaps only for pictures...10. how could the medical team have know to administer the antidote, there is no other reported case in kuala lumpur or malaysia for any attending doctor to guess with precision that it was VX!!! think about, blurry eyes, sweat, something applied on his face or neck...that is all they had to go on, having studied some medicine one could only conjure a allergic reation, perhaps exhaustion, mild heart attack or stroke but to jump to a weapon of mass destruction in a matter of minutes well...11. as implied previously the clinic behaviour was odd. 12. brace yourselves here's the big one, WMD VX NOT HARMFUL TO HAND. post-script, if you were locked up for months and suddenly found yourself in another setting with crowds of people curious about you it might give you pause or cause to grin maybe smile or even omg yes lol.  \fs16\par
\par
post-script, if i were to update the reasons list for today i would add the alledged hand whirling in court while they were speaking with their defense team that is if you were locked up for a while and suddenly gladly found yourself in a the partial setting of near freedom with countrymen that were there to help you well you too might throw your hands up in the air and wave them like you just don't care to get rap music jiggly about it if you catch my meaning.\par
\par
breaking news the notorious nfo and his lil bronco west coast nine is going on a six day concert tour including botswana, madagascar, namibia, nigeria, rwanda, sierra leone, and south africa!  two hundred dollar foot locker vouchers will be honored. \b0\fs20\par
\par
}
