{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Chunk Norris;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 @Dotum;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs18 brim-27-Two in the morning. Time is not. Eight o'clock schools. Location Read. I was trying to get awake and distance myself from the previous day and any sense of achievement. You ever wonder about that, I know, Im repeating myself worse that Hunter S. Truly there are only so many words. You get a hit song and it's hell to pay. Can't even tell to play. Well, it happens with writing too. So maybe you only need one yet for many of us i suspect that it isn't getting the one song or sonnet but rather going for the unseen unimagined heights. I really was quick on the draw in a recent western, man i hardly even noticed my own reflex action, the shadow as i switched positions after words sort of let me know that i had something and whatever it was kept me up a long while as if to wipe me out, wear me away. I look up to a half moon sky for the nearest highland but there's nothing as if i had not even existed. i can let it go, got nothing prove, already gone the distance...in theory that is, not in reality. in reality i want to -what was it, yes, it was always the great american novel the thing Brian Wilson did with good vibrations. of course, his method was an over and over again through months of mix and match until the pocket symphony or as it is now until somebody hands a soft drink to a peace officer. It seems they were going for the tiannamen square sequence but they gagged on the gig giving a good many people reason to go no nope can't cope and plus there's the recycle refund to worry about. so, do i dig into re-recording overdub mastering to vibrations good? well, i have all too many manuscipts, scripts, and such that it might be overwhelming to get on that groove here. I might pick out certain things later, but for this i sense it has to be thusly. All i can do is continue to reach for that higher ground. I know, can't see where to go, blinded by the light as it were...swallowed by the lust for that knockout line loaded with love. Hmm, that's goodly...Swallowed by the lust for that knockout line loaded with love not like some second rate poet that cannot rise to another occassion to a next sensation out and about I am going to make it through even if i gotta blast my way out from all the bullshit from the preconceptions from this very constraint that ain't nothing but the very essence of all the tremble trouble that toppled all them one hit wonders and hounded those hacks in the shakespeare squadron into silence. I am not saying i'm above it, like always i'm saying i'm just like you - it's two am and i don't know nobody except now i also don't know which way to form the body of the next page. on stage one would simply whisper for the line. Beloved the hours.\fs20   \par
\par
\par
\fs16 brim-28-  tone deaf uproar jail up all oil you sent him to my house on a skateboard with a box of cookies i did not you are listening to tom sex bomb jones well that is sorta true i well it's like a cool distraction i mean if you play it at the wrong time especially are you like a sicko celebrity stalker tone deaf uproar jail up all oil now that is so intense you should bring back the celebrity justice tv show i simply do what i can but i don't know about no cookies you know my uncle used to call me cookie but i never got to ask him why don't change the subject i heard you were going to raise an army of cookie box skateboarders how can i trust you no that was for a thing where i was going to say or explain which chloe i was talking about cause i felt bad that i had run away from you that time before but you gotta admit you are a little frightening over there how how am i frightful well it's those monster eyes like that look you give i've seen that in furry things with rabbies hey did you know beastiality is still legal in a few places was that what wyoming was about oh come on don't be so Infrared to see me move through the night what what the hell look no more boxes of cookies by allah i swear oh wait i am no longer muslim i got no i mean ask anybody i'm the kind of inky that only now found out anne was married and had offspring i don't box mailer used to box but i no i don't know this was weird and i suggest you don't give out your location i didn't tell him you told him i said nothing to nobody look i'm nearly harry in freaks it's been years if i may interject one statement i know you love me you are in love and had to put me in this book and send the skater no not at all it's just like i said now look at this Make me explode although you know the route to go to sex me slow what so it's sexual is that it you are a sex fiend addict what sex no i got red tube nobody has sex no more i was trying to say you are making me explode in the brain tone deaf uproar jail up all oil you sent him to my house on a skateboard i did not but thank you for that 1936 idea i didn't get it right but the page has potential and now i really gotta get to this work and what am i supposed to do well i would get a taser gun and practice that you wanna ride the lightning line gotta hand it to the nypd too bad they still gotta deal with diblasio all right but let's say i wanted a cookie noooo don't even start i was wrapping here i no wait tell me if you would  And yes, I must react to claims of those who say that you are not all that not in song lyrics ohmygod ok ok ok what was the question if you would send me sweets basically no not in the foreseeable future it's i would send like loose pants long pants but no cookies or cupcakes or cans of soda yeah i think you need some bell bottoms or something to keep people from zoning out when they focus on those insane eyes not that they are ugly you know oh i know and are you willing to swear under oath you mean the box yes i mean the box well, if you can map out how i got that to happen with any logic which you won't then i would. anyway be well i got testicular prespiration really it's been hot and i mean that in the weather not paris hilton sure you do i know you want me everybody wants me well bye. bye chloe. bitch is out of her mind. i heard that. fuck\par
\par
\par
brim- pg 26 - i'm walking. i'm walking away from two men stationed on the roadside for some reason. i'm walking all the way from kiev to the bella vista mall. i'm walking to pay the cable bill. i'm walking for cigarettes. i'm always now wondering if i will make it back. i see a toyota prado land cruiser vx. i do an imaginary double take. vx. where are the flies and the bees, not here but there are cars. a car named vx. i get the owners manual and flip through it, the word airport appears three times. i can't think for trying, i want to sleep, but my unthinking thoughts are sweeping the horizon.\par
is it anything, is it something... royal drops curved taxation - poultry android excavators -oral tax privacy understood - avoid crystal around export -arrival copy understood tax -sex drop at latvian corduroy -toxic lover saturday pardon -travel story paid and our cox -next valid product or soraya\par
airport novel dust yard coax - erin portray ax could do vast...a six hour train ride but i don't know if there is a connection or not, write it down anyway and see what comes up. AirAsia X is in talks with Jeju's provincial government about direct flights between Kuala Lumpur and the South Korean resort island.blonde wife fucks gym instructor asian teen with perfect boobs bodybuilder makes shy teen six movies now everyone can fly xtra long lucky guy She declined to speculate on possible frequencies while discussions are ongoing. cute brunette glamour fuck balls licking dutch fantasies AirAsia X is an AirAsia subsidiary offering long-haul services to 23 destinations  jolene swallowing pinay teen cum rouses bubbles AirAsia X operates a core fleet of 30 A330-300s, each with a seat configuration of 12 Premium Flatbeds and 365 Economy seats eating pussy meanwhile join the weapons of mass destruction terror club and discover where your big points can take you I have been a lawyer for 37 years and this is the first time my client ever wears  a bulletproof vest to the court we innovate others immitate!\par
\fs20\par
BRIM PG 29 -But one thing is certain, the two women arrested in the aftermath of the brazen attack at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport 2 or KLIA2, are now the unfortunate victims of an elaborate scandal. It is really important to stress just how much progress has been made to empower women all over the kingdom, said the princess Lamia bint Majed Al Saud, who serves as secretary-general of Alwaleed Philanthropies A local lawyer said, Siti Aisyah and Doan Thi Huong, from Vietnam, will be the sacrificial lambs in the case to be opened soon. just how much progress has been made to empower women all over the kingdom It is really important to stress said who serves as secretary-general of Alwaleed Philanthropies the princess Lamia bint Majed Al Saud,  They have been charged with Kim Jong Nam\rquote s murder after CCTV footage allegedly shows them wiping his face with what may have been a toxin-soaked cloth. Based on merariq custom, a boy can take a girl away from her house for a night, or at least past curfew. When that happens, the girl is obliged to marry the boy, or else the young couple is considered a disgrace to both families and the wider indonesian society. According to  reports, T. was working at the tea shop on the night of another incident when H. and several others approached her for a conversation. H. then slapped T. on the face before leaving the venue. H. returned a few minutes later, accompanied by a group of some 20 men armed with knives and batons. The gang then began assaulting T., holding her down while beating her and cutting her face, ears, and legs, only stopping once the victim was unconscious.\par
The girl was transferred to Cho Ray Hospital with multiple wounds across her body, and her right ear was nearly severed...all over the kingdom It is really important to stress just how much progress has been made to empower women  said the princess Lamia bint Majed Al Saud, who serves as secretary-general of Alwaleed Philanthropies all over the  important kingdom  to how much  has progress It is really women been made to empower just stress who serves...\par
\par
\b\par
\f1 BRIM-pg31 \lang2057 Farah's man had been very mild with sex bomb, but his mildness did not produce any corresponding feelings of gentleness in the breasts of Margaret Atwood relative to the reading. Indeed, it had the contrary effect of instigating butt hole surfers and Farah Ottalux to new exercise machines. Murdoch, in his triumph, could not restrain himself from singing O'reilly stole a stallion in the bathroom with the wall television set which did not by any means think anything but fox news over cnn as did the other stations; and the estate of Sydney Sheldon, partly in defence of their man, and partly in quest of further fame informed the knotty ink man that ss had also served in the role of mentor. a real difficulty for the prose already in progress involved -if repeated- but there it was it was big all around Farah Ottalux's neck. a necklace that could make a man foolish with longing for the olden days of open slavery and plantations instead of minimun wages and corporations or if you are orienatal asian gentle then the golden days of  Samurai Ronin overlord kingdoms. yes ms Ottalux was making me forget all manner of worry and sense of self why the very spirit of Rimbaud smiled even as the garbage trucks surprised the starving feral creatures searching for scraps in the array of glad and not so glad plastic bags. Among them must be cats of note the future cats that will find all those days to come for their kittens and so on. if i succeeded in seducing farah ottalux's and cutting away at her society pretense with my request to see all her necklaces well it was only an ephemoral conquest for her husband's suv halted in the driveway and we both felt the ground from under us fill with apprehension's doubt  as far as the kitchen where she directed me while pulling up her panties and it would have been perfect if not for the attack dog's bite on my sit machine any defence consequently could not soothe my backside but picking up the labrador's eye which i had pulled out while it was entertaing the rear portion of my jeans from the garden as i limped back to my office gave me some sense of satisfaction. my two secretaries told me that a kind of pre-trial had been going on with Doan and Siti and that there were problems on the set of 1987. i was used to film set set-backs but not silence from a sensational trial, the first of it's kind even. i phoned Kim and asked her to join me for a few days in kuala lumpur and i wondered how i might turn her into my love slave, first of course i would investigate if she had any canines in her service. That night i dreamt of kim in her kentucky fried chicken uniform. \par
\par
\par
brim pg 30 -\f2  \lang1033\b0 The white woman is the devil. everybody know it. now maddie she say no to you she say i glue to other man you see but how you come here from south africa to glue a tutsi? tutsi all freak worse than the white devil woman. now you caint be hutu but you got that low inky voice maybe we find you a nice hutu girl but you can have no tutsi nowhere near they all work for eachother! we have commanments for hutu power. we want hutu power. also you help tell people about the great hutu, yes yes good. there will be no merci for the tutsi! kayibanda we will have kayibanda again now stand up and listen yes yes good. maybe later you can join the FDLR but forget that tutsi girl and if you are very excellent in all this you can join the rastas in the congo now these are not rastafarian these are hutu warriors that put the fear of death into all tutsi! nothing pleases god more than a dead tutsi. he cry to see the kiir and machar so silly in sudan or the republique centralafrique what they do is for money and for their own people to suffer but not the hutu the hutu is the greatest remember i told you. \par
now yes sometimes we have to kill the white man.  we don't kill the jews they love the rwanda peanut butter and build things. we don't kill the yale white people hey inky they love the gorilla and they make us a lot of money. maybe later we can kill the university and the jews, but the main enemy is the tutsi. \par
we will take over and have you seen kagame can you believe it a pure tutsi i don't know always smiling like he don't know jeannette has humped half the RDF and know you know why she is smiling the tutsi slut even worse than the white devil woman. wait, look there, someone what he's with you a former BPP you are still using beepers in america oh the black panther party in hiding from the new black panther party i see well all you look more hutu than tutsi but you gotta let go of islam and the puerto rican women worse than devils as bad as tutsi when we take over here we will take america too every single tutsi arsenio hall face needs to be erradicdated from the united states with hutu power! the white man must be brought to his knees except for the beach boys and whoever makes those drones we get they are wonderful. let's go drink some banana beer and i will introduce you to the rest of the militia. they hate the tutsi and  I hate these tutsi,  tutsi that are bought with a single coin, go kill a tutsi, yes kill a tutsi, my comrades!  Yes, really I hate them so much more than yesterday! \par
\par
\b\fs28 brim pg 32 - south korean style april song for kim \par
\par
A darkness the starless sky\par
A cloud hidden moon started the rain\par
kim's embrace true\par
It settles my breathing near dawn\par
Dreams they fill my soul turns\par
pink diamond saunters south as the words end\par
One woman one man \par
Indistiguishability\par
our immortality for a gem unending\par
Till my surrender hears her laws\par
This naked song will endure like the ocean\par
even if ballistic missiles everywhere gun\b0\fs20\par
\par
}
