{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 @Dotum;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Constantia;}{\f2\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Courier;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Futura Md BT;}{\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs28 brim pg 33 - korean style april song for kim tae ri \par
\par
darkness and starless the sky set\par
of a cloud hid moon half started the rain wet\par
i raced in hunting truth net\par
she settles my leaving thoughts yet\par
living dreams thunder filled lightning turns free\par
pink red dirt saunters green south grass hill oak tree\par
as the words end one ending you one ending me \par
sending Indistiguishability our immortality \par
is sending love unending see\par
Till my waking hears her flaws my own bending knee\par
blood soaked the world yet endures drowning\par
silent even back then when we'd not met this kiss resounding \par
\par
\lang2057\f1\fs16 brim pg 34 - Later in the looking there came to be something of a motion in the writer's thoughts. A motion, no a commotion. Let us call it confusion. Words, some will insist have two meanings yet for many of us there are more than two. You might pause to wonder. The writer will say pink. For pink is so many a thing that it could well be its own book. That is, if like the writer you like words. \par
The writer liked words. Nay, he loved them but he was always surrounded from his earliest times by those that did not like words. Toto and so being early violent experiences, ain't and y'all being school house sensations. Panorma and folk being more grown up stop signs. \par
There are worse things and there are the difficulties of translation. He started to contemplate the latter, especially now given that he was in fact trying to build a record, a recording for two women from the far east. He pauses to wonder. They could be any women anywhere. No one else seemed to gie this a second thought. \par
Everyday, after untangling himself from the limit of surrounding, haunting, insisting spanish and starting to pen past the speed limits into that sound of lightness which made him feel beyond space and time and even sex, yes everyday he rushed in where angels fear to...\par
Yet, he asked himself if he had not gone too much into the escape with the music of drollness. A few times, he had spent many a good minute unable to contain his glee. That is, he giggled or as one might have heard him in school days, he cackled. To know him, you would know that although he was often swift with a one-liner it was not his ideal or even his idea. The goofballing as it were was simply a natural reaction to pain, his pain. The insanity that is this post-modern end of history city light twenty four hour news romp which people take for normality which they fake through or shake through in fear because way down where it counts they all know no revolution is coming that has not already caved in on itself. That and the strain of the harsh lonesome heaven he hurridly tried to hold for himself even while reaching out for a hand to hold. \par
Yes, within he was a bundle of bliss a billion dollars of rapture. His very own ecstasy pill, but to bring it out in nonchalance for the sorry haters and such well it might be to his own downfall, he reckoned. And so, he paused like dylan and ginsberg meeting the beatles in 65 entirely at a loss for which direction to breathe into except for the always stoned baudelaire roads. wouldn't you?\fs24  \b0\f2  \par
\par
\b\fs20  pg 35 -Her hole was worse in health, was throbbing fast, and the inky man was again there. And in these moments the poodle was with her, busy in the deciphering girl's room; and there were gentle kind words spoken between inky and her hole--as would be natural between such friends at such a time. He knew that he had been a traitor, and the thought of this treachery was heavy at his heart for she had put herself on the line with her clan to vouch for him and after the bloodlust and rightousness and the pee wars earlier in the decade his remorse could not let him stay even if there was love involved; but he perceived that no immediate conversation was to come up and please her for he had given his all to the other side to that truth which cannot be denied even if the history is always manipulated and it was a little solace to him that he could be now what was opposite to what he had always wanted which meant that in the future he could be anything or even nothing at all.  gentle and tender michael J anderson was there too. And , though she knew that the midget had given his aid in destroying her, settled with him not only without any hard words, but almost without the severe thought of castration or croaking and the inky man thought how strange life could be. What did it matter what such a one as the inky man could do? if he could be there in the  time of her hole's need. In the middle witching of that night the hole let out what seemed to be everything it held, and she was alone in the world. As the flood rose, indeed, even the poodle left the room and it along with michael j anderson and the inky man wandered in the apartment, and took from her pantry the mop charge of the bed and environs at which now her hole could no longer squirt. early in the morning, while it was yet dark, farah ottalux came down, and spoke words to her, of which she remembered nothing except for love. of course, in her spell she could not decide if she had said who the inky man loved.\b0\fs24  \par
\par
\b\f3\fs14 pg-36 - I used to be always writing dreams until satan said at my grand-constance place, Tierra negra, my little gay home in the vista, in or about bella when the one-eyed dog gave anal tongue and they coursing policemen continually came and they supermarket at the leash. Tip- bell for a good mother! hub! Bub! hub! Follow me up Twitter! This's the place for the trending trial, Poll, and gif County stolen from mark facebook z . I never knew how rich he was like another story in where i keep looking for julia hahn my totem love only to find the american counterpart the zone of the z, stealing and snitching, carrying my knife, More and more fake tampa days to deal with, ass withumpronouceable rikers tail, along the story oh doan oh siti where are you real or really. Do you know my cousin, Mr wannabe the owner of me that keeps the uncles on the Mountain, the farm's gone, fbi of the lie, Whateveryournameis won't you come and find me?hood and I good. The wolves of trump! By Whydoyou-callme sing how much do these elite chinese own? Do not steve flingamejig bannon out even before you arrive massa!plantation usa atm that's a good wan right enough! no glot clum fliday laundry tikee pleeese One moment now, if I foreskin shorten the loss on your breather. roach me jew spells erosion. Dat harry dandy danced turnstone french fries sugur us where, how and when ride as to lightning of school, fussy muslim of sandy dune and camel of stance. But, since you invocate the spirits for the two of vixens, I would like to send a truth around this blue lagoon. not the movie Tell me now this if you don't know are ye of guilt??? You told my larned friend rather penisly, a moment since, about this mound i borrow. Now I suggest to you that curves here was this plague-even the mind's not sacred thought, as you seem to call it mental, there was a mentos there was a batman, the boat of millions of africa sunk.  Would you bear me out in that, relatively speaking, with her jackrabbit jerking at her panties in the rv she ladders happy climb, who hot, and sizing a fair semen, knowest thout the kind? The deep blue dream, bound for blocked, that master held away,Web says, our pepsi that ne're returned. The Frenchman, I say,was in on it. He is a fraud. vote le pen. You see him. The both how 31 zombie you see is kotter! welcome back Selena it or ate it? What! you love the haiz 13 reasons not how they talk rather how they won't will not - Spake - although they will take!!!Couch, courage, ring we are the barrow gang, even this joyous remaking. Beseek the runes i even promise to see the french connection all the way through hey jimmy did you like my holden gair cover over there a pint on me we will play again i hope you like this riff too but here cometh avocado again and help me robert graves like you done bofore see the longing of a true poet! i don't i won't rise i never will and still i doan and siti Allman brothers of blood there's no way i just can't go out that door away when you hear the gang-horn why bit me in the ass. And meet hosni. Ess Ess. GIS id O ess. this weekend oh yes i guess it would bless me to bring along marilyn  manson no mess kicking not five john the devil knows our name oh let me dream again american witch ms hungerford i also thank in chess nabakov tank st petersburg i used to writing always dream...\par
 \lang1033\b0\f4\fs20\par
}
