{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Courier;}{\f1\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lexia;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Courier Old;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Futura Md BT;}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 @Dotum;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang2057\b\f0\fs20 BRIM-pg37- I take a minute long and maybe it's an hour or two. Getting up. Getting awake. The groove somewhere waiting. I'm groggy with something still wanting to dream. In some ways i'd rather be singing. Ways some in, weighs so me you see is me and then i look at the press. Reading that two young girls fell from a balcony in south carolina...I take a minute long and maybe it's an hour...girls gone, and so pretty i whisper to no one. Wait, i'm writing about two girls on trial that might not fall from a balcony but all the same hang. hang it all, is this the foreshadow or the pardon. I cannot bring it home with me because it's too much to say even if we are professionals. You think it's easy well you pull the trigger. I had been wondering how they were doing, doan and siti. I sort of know what it's like to be detained but it's not the same for them or anybody for that matter. They might not even be sane at this point. The most fun i can imagine them having is switching cots and staring at the different cracks on the wall. Even detention in high school goes right up against the senses and sends you feeling certain that the entire experience took longer than a day of classes. Yet, they are famous but what consolation prize is that without penis or a shopping spree or whatever it is that an indonesian and a vietnamese might desire. my desire is to somehow have saved daniela flores and amber franco in myrtle beach. I take this page and dedicated it to them not exactly knowing what it means yet filled with the certainty that finds itself typing up the words. camelot by the sea... according to the legend truth and beauty reigned therein...camelot that is not the hotel in south carolina.  how could this be or you might ask why repeat it free... i might only say annabel lee. \b0\fs24\par
\par
\par
\b\f1\fs20 Brim pg 38 \i BAB: Invisible or not, I don't want you talking nothing to nobody. Got that? HMM: Well, I'm sorry but I'm not the one with the bad attitude. When someone talks to me I feel obliged to respond in kind.\i0  call my lawyer somebody god bless you know how i feel about the blacks move into my neighborhood whatever you want tap dance in my house whatever they want baracus clubber murdoch dystopia hula hoop and as all our hopes diminsh in between the ads and lake news leaving you trending or is that ending it was chuck gone then chuck again like some population reducing redux. forty million jobs in show business i got a midget to direct me. berry bury barris hey rickles even when i heard the news there was smile from all those sticks and stones breaking funny bones. I had to pause of course. six days away from the hearing. I wonder what will be heard. I ponder over how all this will be brought in...The herd's all over the plains, the pain's all over the pleasure. The magic trick of the writer is to reign it all in, all within. Some thought Darvula could make gold of dust. Gold dust woman. Rock on, ancient queen/follow those who pale in your shadow. My pale tears pushed away to balance the sixteen waking hours and I go to sleep leaving an arizona iced tea in the freezer. I dream I'm with Kim and she tells me to return and so I keep dreaming that I get up but can't find my suit of clothes. When I find the threads I decide to lay down for a minute only to continue in the eternal recurrence philosophy class dream which somehow reminds me that the libation is freezing might be frozen so I get up truly and save it savour it delicious when i all had was lettuce for dinner. now tat is alchemy. Between the balcony girls and old don gone well who can eat. Not to mention other situations going down the wrong way my favorite guitar solo there was an intense bang, they heard screaming. I watched the french connection, never trust a nigger? never trust nobody. \par
\b0\f0\fs24\par
\par
\b\f2\fs16 BRIM pg 39 I do not understand exactly what you mean by fear, said Tarzan. Ngurah, I have seen you mooving through the grasslands, Ngurah Alit, don't you like me? Look into my eyes Ngurah Alit, Make love to me now like in the moovies. No - not in my mouth on the other side. And so they say he took off is attire and stuck it. Seeing him the folk of Bali all said we must marry them! Which they did. He bent backward overcome with emotion and then they drowned the cow to break the curse. So much depends on location. Something like that could not happen in Tanzania where it's far more important to get cows than to keep your daughter at home as traditionally cows are more valuable than daughters. I had some days before thought about my gemma, now I myself would only trade gemma for fine argentine bovine fed on bavarian ale if i might make light in leaving behind the animal whirlwind. Yet, seriously as it stands the sole heir of my literary estate, a child i have not met yet made me feel those feelings of how could anyone contemplate anything more important and so it must be with siti and with doan within their family for are they not still their little girls...yes. Moreover should they not be our little girls? well, at the very least perhaps!In any case, in some lonesome trance a troubled person might turn to a voice from the barn, but hopefully it will happen in wymong. Remember, higher up in the canadians you could get a marriage licence but they won't allow penetration of course unless it is a speaking heifer how would anyone know? Please note none of this making a reference to Chloe. As for the other Chloe, I didn't cast you in this only to avoid any confusion. Loved the take on paul's story. And yes, I did feel sort of married to Shadow or rather I think she felt married to me I mean you can't own a cat for they are the boss. Like most marriages the male is only there to serve. It's why I think she peed on my shirt that time...I had been trying to find a publisher who would put some of my stuff into book form, but I met with no encouragement. Every well-known publisher in the United States turned down Tarzan of the Apes, including A.C. McClurg & Co.\par
\par
\par
\f3\fs20 BRIM pg 40 - inkrealm, inner space astronaut. A man barely alive. twitter, we can rebuild him. We have the internet technology. We have the capability to build the world's first no likes bio man. ink realm will be that man. Better than he was before. Better, stronger, faster...forget me not undertaker the only other wrestler we loved was stone cold he eat so much chicken, he's surprised he haven't grown feathers yet because it ain't a race thing, it ain't a color thing, it's a me rocking this literary thing, and can't nobody stop me. Democrats keep talkin' about getting screwed well, I didn't bring a condom, but I did bring one great big can of kick ass writing, you know I've traveled the world these past few years, Sometimes I think of sweden, and even ink realm has to fight the tears. Another ticket, transfer or boat ferry takes me to faraway places, what I remember most is isabella elin and jennifer. Short people, tall people, people with glasses, the bottom line is I'll whip all your asses, Whether it's legal or illegal, someone's gonna get their ass whipped, do I think I could beat your ass, why hell yeah, I'll whip your ass in your backyard long as you don't have a dog, I'll whip your ass in my backyard and jc oates I don't know how good your hearing aid is, but if you don't understand what I'm saying I always have a little bit of sign language, so here's two you!! Now Stop moving your mouth against our russian elected leader or I'll sew your damn lips closed comrade.\par
\par
\fs18 BRIM pg 41 - Marilo Montero I also wanted to say and well why not now as for Rocio Crusset is she still in washington did she graduate i'm reading over skinny pictures...strange to see that we were born on the same day mine being a few days weeks months years later i wonder how anyone didn't grow up with animaniacs and britney spears...Jackie O was too and lorraine but i never really knew lorraine and there was a woman in florence or firenze that said she was that day too as well as an ex that had a parent with the date all much older than you yet here i am put-placing this manuscript together strangely like a cousin of my last manuscript which also awaits a verdict i have not forgot i cannot forget...and you could survive to a hundred and five if you are the minister's secretary...and perhaps it is part of the process ezra the wind the rain...oh yes the readers well she's the one that sayeth soy tan Feminista como Machista...ying yang and tempt seven korean ale.  Spic is a Singapore co rendering telecommunication and research and development services - Your spic friend well I just shoved into him as hard as I could Lying Spic Says He will Honestly Deport All Spics A Anglin Daily Stormer February last year help me bush with the brown ones I know but I told you true Jeb ain't had no chance 45 or not but i like the man not like that ted I got three kikes here, do I hear five kikes? I got five kikes, do I hear six spics, I got six spics, do I hear seven niggers? lenny You know, the big Jewish contributors to the Democrats. Could we please investigate some of the cocksuckers? That's all! Spic is widely believed to have originated in the phrases no speak English, or I speak Spanish, speaks the spics...wait they put the spanish interest above America's interest and it's about goddamn time that the spic in America realizes he's an American first and a spic second. I miss barbie bermudo on primer impacto turn the sound down and stroke it hard.  They call Gardel el mudo as in my name is mud well hey marilo here's to you. Everybody talkin all this stuff about me why can't they just let me...I don\rquote t want any spic at that dinner who didn\rquote t support us in that campaign boogie dig up all the information you can call in colin then go with your instincts po-well it was in vain that the emperor chin built the great wall hoping to shut out fiery hordes - li po...i would make it a solar panel wall and get rocio some vitamin supplements. what, i got five days before this script has to get turnt.\fs20  \par
\par
\fs18 BRIM pg 42 - slap ass foxy love rubia boca abajo amateur teen nympho craves insta cock I never asked her; but I know it. There are things one knows as a writer. I remember doan and siti always. It was been a short always. It always is and will be remember butterflies some live only days some barely a year. No, not so short. Yes well julia butterfly lived in a tree for two years - not a short time yet not a real Lepidoptera. Dope you are dope. Yeah but not dopamine. I mean these bitches ain't free and neither are we. what was that two sister i loved the cole younger are birds ever free from the sky way hey i'm a highway star deep in the purple dream rock and roll star to boot too...But ye has not been betrothed to kim - No; not betrothed to she, It would not be well she no longer has a discount at kentucky fried chicken and busy with other countries. Nor has ye loved yourself so long; no i heard someone jerked off like 12 times and didn't return from the wanking. i done ten but i won't get near the bakers dozen. For him the puddle maker, I can only speak of the time when ms five held me so. And that was but the flu day--but the other day, as I count the clock. To this elsa made no answer. She could not claim to have taken from farah ottalux her lover from so early a date as the necklace had done, who had been, as she said, in the arms of this ink. But what of it? inky does not always love best those girls he'd  have known the longest. the dinosaur had known him long enough to find that he loved her enough to put up with her mother. Why then should this spic girl come to him and throw in her teeth bite and tightness of her intimacy with the man who was to be her last four digits? If she had also been a brooke would not then he spoken in such a calling way as he did to the hole. As she thought of this she turned her tits away and looked out among the witches who were still pecking among the gregorians in the court oh switchblade women i say he loves us all let us help him see what will happenstance in this doan and siti discourse detour determination what was it away from neighbors intellect and deconstruction often involves a way of reading that concerns itself with decentering - with unmasking the problematic nature of all centers as for the klia2 well they were announced and derrida told us monsters cannot be announced. One cannot say here are our monsters without immediately turning the monsters into pets. I wish I lived in a tree house.\b0\f0\fs24  \par
\par
\lang1033\b\f4\fs20 brim pg 39 - app reel for kim tae ri \par
\par
dearly and starry end of the night\par
of a dawn near full moon apprach fading\par
i wrote in loving not thnking of your freedom\par
slavery harpers index tells me how many\par
in some part of the world yet not if am or will be\par
yes then i will thumb my app or play the reel\par
where the scenes are always you without me \par
that song ancient i am always on the outside looking in \par
is it enjoy yourself while you're still...\par
Touch my words here i flaunt a new one of my own wrenching;\par
cross-legended i 'magined you  mine soaked in a slavery chain\par
saved from everything except the corrupt lust of my own refrain  \f5\par
}
