{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs20 BRIM - pg 43 -  live out windshield...he will not divide us...delusion with devil...he will not divide us...slide it in whole duuv...i've looked everywhere for a black hen to beat with my white cane, darvula! It does not have to be entirely black why a red hen or something they owned will do. He will not divide us...wish lived outlined...Bring it to me and I will do the rest. unvisited while old...he will divide us not...us divide will he...with idols unveiled;  Doan like moth she drift into the Siti jailhouse timeless new attraction no Cures for the reactions lit up like an inkrealm muse Just to feel the living wait  news will sell their dreams for press desires or lose the race to stars  get caught in tricking traps and start to cream off their tax share restless flight home out of a memory Of malaysian streets on lockdown nights...Division is splitting into equal parts or groups. It is the result of "fair sharing" &  the \'f7 symbol, or sometimes the / symbol to mean divide...held dilution views...what do they mean he will not divide us...was it somebody's mantra from the 80s...white vision dulled...I pledge allegiance to my Flag and the Republic of China  for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for almost...Here in my car I can only receive I can listen to you It keeps me stable for days In cars...It's totally surreal. It's still sinking in. I had a moment to myself yesterday where I was just sobbing  hey cassandra don't make no apollo prom date otherwise way to go Hsiao!\b0\par
\par
\b\fs10 BRIM pg 44 - \par
vx shots ring out in the malaysian night\par
 Enter kim jong nam from the klia hall\par
 he sees his breathing going down in a flood\par
 Cries out, \ldblquote the chinese let my brother kill me!\rdblquote\par
 Here comes the story of the jong nam\par
 The man the autopsy came to claim\par
 For somethin\rquote  that he never won\par
 Put in a morgue cell, but one time he could-a been\par
going back to macau or disneyland world\par
 \par
 Two beauties lyin\rquote  there the cops they see\par
 And another man named Boyfriend, movin\rquote  around mysteriously\par
 \ldblquote I didn\rquote t do it,\rdblquote  he says, and he throws up his hands\par
 \ldblquote I will tell you everything\rquote  he admits, I hope you understand\par
 I saw them leavin\rquote ,\rdblquote  he says, and he stops\par
 \ldblquote One of us had better check those hotel stops\rdblquote\par
 And they arrive on the scene with their head lights flashin\rquote\par
 In the hot kuala lumpur night\par
 \par
 Meanwhile, far away in another part of town\par
 ink realm and a couple of girlfriends are drivin\rquote  around\par
 Number one contender for the fiddleweight sound\par
 Had no idea what kinda shit was about to go down\par
 When a hoe pulled him over to the side of the road\par
 Just like the time before and the time before that\par
 In bed that\rquote s just the way things go\par
 If you\rquote re a poet you might as well not show up in the sheets\par
 \rquote Less you wanna draw the heat\par
 \par
 doan thi houng  had a partner and she had a rap for the cops\par
 Her and siti aisyah were just out prowlin\rquote  around\par
 He said, \ldblquote two men told me to, they looked like chinese\par
 They paid into our purse 500 each with the promise of a show\rdblquote\par
 And miss siti aisyah just nodded her head slow\par
 Cop said, \ldblquote Wait a minute, boys, this one\rquote s north korean\rdblquote\par
 So they locked down the embassy\par
 And though they  could hardly see\par
 They said that they could wait five years or ten\par
 \par
 three in the mornin\rquote  and they haul ink realm in\par
 Take him to the condom and they bring him the farah\par
 The farah  looks up with her one dog eye\par
 Says, \ldblquote Wha\rquote d you bring him in here for? i already had this guy!\rdblquote\par
 Yes, here\rquote s the story of the inky realm\par
 The man the dog came to bite\par
 For trying to escape on the run \par
 a tooth in his ass, but one time he could-a been\par
 The champion of the word\par
 \par
a few minutes later, the syrianas are in flame\par
 ink\rquote s in her mouth panties, lickin\rquote  for his name\par
 While kim jong nam still in the above ground game\par
 Across the street bitches are puttin\rquote  the screws to him, lookin\rquote  for somebody that came\par
 \ldblquote Remember that delivery at the hardhat bar?\rdblquote\par
 \ldblquote Remember you said you got into stacey's car?\rdblquote\par
 \ldblquote You think you\rquote d like to play ball with the neighborhood?\rdblquote\par
 \ldblquote Think it might be time for an affair yeah you saw me runnin\rquote  in the light?\rdblquote\par
 \ldblquote Don\rquote t forget that you can't bring the fleshlight\rdblquote\par
 \par
 Siti Aisya said, \ldblquote I\rquote m really not sure\rdblquote\par
 Cops said, \ldblquote A poor girl like you could use a break\par
 We got you at the motel and we\rquote re talkin\rquote  to your friend Doan\par
 Now you don\rquote t wanta have to go hang, be a nice one\par
 You\rquote ll be doin\rquote  society a favor\par
 These  sonofabitch foreigners is brave and gettin\rquote  braver\par
 We want to put eleven inch bull horns in their ass and stir\par
 We want to pin this kim jong nam murder on them\par
 tHey ain\rquote t no Gentleman muslim\rdblquote\par
 \par
 inkrealm could take a man out with just one poem\par
 But he never did like to talk about it in any anthem\par
 It\rquote s my occupation, he\rquote d say, and I do it for play\par
 And when it\rquote s over I\rquote d just as soon go on my way\par
 Up to some movie paradise\par
 Where the tit streams flow and the leg is nice\par
 And ride some drugs along a trail\par
 But then they took him into the flat chest blouse\par
 Where they try to turn a man into a cheating house\par
 \par
 All of inkrealm\rquote s hard ons were marked in advance\par
 The sex was a pony and clown circus, he never had a chance\par
 The judge made inkrealm\rquote s witnesses drunkards from the slum\par
 To the teen girls who watched he was a revolutionary for cum\par
 And to the old folks he was just a crazy sex machine\par
 No one doubted that he pulled out too soon\par
 And though they could not produce the sperm\par
 The ghost of bathory said he was the one who planted the seed\par
 And the marriage jury agreed\par
 \par
 doan and siti were falsely tried\par
 The crime was murder \ldblquote 302,\rdblquote  guess who testified?\par
 the north koreans and they both baldly lied\par
 And the newspapers, they all went along for the ride\par
 How can the life of such women\par
 Be in the palm of some fool\rquote s hand?\par
 To see them obviously framed\par
 Couldn\rquote t help but make me feel ashamed to live in a world\par
 Where justice is a game\par
 \par
 Now all the criminals in overcoats and neckties\par
 go free to drink martinis and watch the bombs cries\par
 While inkrealm sits like henny youngman in a marriage hell\par
 An innocent man in an all day ringing bell\par
 That\rquote s the story of the inkrealm\par
 But it won\rquote t be over till they clear his name\par
 And give him back the time he\rquote s done\par
 Put in a marriage cell, but one time he could-a been\par
 The champion of the word!\par
\b0\fs20\par
\b\fs14 Brim - pg 45 -  Sunday and the sun burns like the boiling water before breakfast eggs are baked. Ever since all the other bygone days, every writer knows how the waiting blank page will speak. It will say, there's nothing left to write and it has all been said before. The blank page will continue in this manner until a scribe makes an astounding scribble and then it will be silent for a while. Not a long while. Only enough to let the scribbler understand that it was a on-off, an accident and that the blank page is no liar. In my lair I didn't dream as much as hear described some drastic man's details which were about holding a hostage. There was also something of an echo. Now the first point is brought up to look at the jailing of Doan and Siti as a kidnapping. The echo, disturbing in itself when you first encounter it let us say in your teen or years of twenties, has no reasoning it seems. It starts like some crazed hiccup until some unknown panacea pushes through. This second point is brought up to consider briefly the concept of eternal recurrence for after some contemplation it feels like an alluring truth given that sequences and sounds repeat within all of us in dreams and awake. I am, as someone that has delved into existentialism, thinking of the German Philosopher seeing the insect in amber, but searching for a more precise sensation or sense I see that it is there in  Ecclesiastes. That's one more thing, in this attempt at jotting down a work of literature for Doan and Siti, that I like. If all happens again throughout eternity well there I will be writing and worrying and wrestling with doubts to bring in a manuscript. A worthwhile book that does not fail to look around and to love right from earth's moving grounds. Even as still as it might seem in that Kuala Lumpur cell or in my Ritz Carlton suite it is all moving. Each one of us too moving away from what was yesterday, from so much forgot they can still get us stoned with simulacra stories in the press.  Let me for a moment mind my manners, when I say press it is a generalisation and it is way wrong for there are even in the worst of them some good reporters that bring it home as it were. In our time, we can talk or write freely as i have done here yet be it foolish for many others have gone before us leaving that creative space at least in civilised countries where so much is said that you can pretty much say anything at all except for the obvious lines. That is, I can for example hate with a liberal mind but not with a conservative mind. A terrible contradiction in freedom. I read somewhere that - and yes I am making a presumption - the new world order is now the one world order.  I heard the one about "one" a few years ago, but along with its sister movement "red" the fanfare has fizzled. Yes, I might have made you think back too much, uhm well say the occupy movement. I would have imagined an occupy all these war torn countries but no and but why...I dare say again darfur. only the concern has ceased, yet the struggle as we say is still real. In writing this I am filling in the blanks and finding ways to fire up against the obscurity imposed upon these women for everyday they suffer yet new stories emerge and the attention anchor shifts so that even those of us that care start saying well we must boycott pepsi now oh boy but be aware pepsico is over a hundred years hold and their stock has been climbing the charts since the start of this century.  I'd like to teach the world to sing In perfect harmony I'd like to buy the world some drugs And free pretty doan and lovely siti yes I'm the real thing.\b0\fs20\par
\par
 \par
}
 