{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs16 BRIM pg - 46 -Every single distraction. Tell ol bill the time has come to do or die...If you could be anything what'd it be? A writer. Oh man oh God. They run the show - ain't no telling what they'd do...I'm dreaming i'm in the middle of the road. A little chubby naked girl is strolling the avenue next a cop in uniform, I suppose it upsets me enough to get up.  When I get out of bed now I think about time zones, gee it's only three in the morning in Los Angeles. Burroughs, tell me again...the road to the western lands is by definition the most dangerous road for it gives access to the gift that supercedes all other gifts...I wait a while with coffee and cigarette content that there will me meatballed rice and beans but no aren't you going to eat later like you have been. Well, no. All right and two arguments later it's settled until neighbors barge in breaking the agreement. because everything you do is a disaster! excuse me? then i remember all the other exaggerated overstatements and think well it's not the end of the world.  I want to think of all the styles i've tried and overtaken but i can't load up on how i still have not made the list i've been hello meaning to for here so i go all devoid of my self to get a few things. It's not cold in russia, the higher ups have warmed up to iran but by the time i get to the mall well there it is the crowd of helpers for the dominican drivers because even if you get a licence there's only guaranteed parking with some umbrella holding stranger looking over your shoulder. is that a girl let me hold her. mind you there is an entire parking complex within the facility. I stroll around until the madness of reality recedes and then walk to where i was going in the first place. How much is that. Pretty soon I'm done after deciding that it's only cigarettes and certain types of travel that won't damage health. Those things'll kill you. Tell ol bill i'm not alone. The tsunami or the hurricane? Well, don't look at me, you're a girl you know what these men are like...We will have a meeting don;t open the door open the door knock again come on sucker you ain't gonna look that man in the eye you gonna clean that spot scene if you can clean that spot you can be president of chase manhattan bank i paraphrase finish eating a supreme court nothing on tv which is actually good news i guess and even better cause i got lemons instead of limes i'm hoping i've loved gene more than i have annoyed hackman oh man oh god i missed the nuns by minutes wanted to get another rosary aunt leaving on monday sister coming saturday i turn on the music i'm a pokeman child still gotta catch em all i get some while typing here then get to hanson mmmbop it's all over let's dance to the secret no one knows! i dance to it cause i never got all the words down.distraction single every unto myself i alone i say it could sink me there and then of course either way we all is borned to the boneyard.\b0\fs20  ..\par
\b\fs14\par
BRIM- 47  let us back to the story, wait i want to say how sweet it is to still bounce the type off the beat  like el gabo in a beatles solitude or so history tells us...mmmbop i don't do it like that for the radio ain't what used to howling jack be carol there was a wolf there was remus and romulos there was rome cleopatra must hae been herself magical realism  some witches so powerful i position there is nothing greater. Tales from the castle might have been overwritten, overwrought, for did it not happen to joan of arc after all she taught. What the men say will stick you see so it is hard to see if bathory went too much into the ways of wickedness. Witnesses yes but you could well pay a person to play a part. The castle was a wedding gift. There is the small matter of the bodies - all right, as if she could have been the only one with bloodlust on the estate.  I say isn't Transylvania where the count is from...lady countess tigress i do not know and i digress from quick research the word for soul in that part of the world is lelek not to be confused with the word lelik which means evil well mostly ugly but also evil. now being raised up on pretty people in the media we all fear ugly but worry not it isn't as bad as fugly...u g l y you ain't got no alibi you ugly your momma say you fugly old baba with a bunch of bubus and a sarkany there is superstition when you believe and i'm not trying to defend the countess tigress lady only to chop this mountain with the edge of my hand; for a sublime subtext to unsettle the senses into a sort of time travel sensation as i surround the situation of two women up on murder charges in malaysia and the mayhem of myriad distractions wagner now and the valkyries see me now Erzsebet forthwith here appear unto me unto mine eyes here before this circle of red  in thine fair human shape for by the ancients that are also my own self do I command thee while being heard all the elements are overthrown indeed air is shaken seas turn back  fires quenched earth tremble all the hosts celestial earthly and infernal the tree of life taller right from this middle earth now together with the underworld and my brethren gods  come thou oh spirit my face will be averted in a bow to your high rank oh countess I shall consummate  the act of worship o renowned  fear upon earth, and fear in hell and all the way back  fear in the sky beyond all Fate hear now the wounds of my immortal wolves!  hear the howling of my fierce felines stir about thy form who comest in the way of the terror of thy storm already in the northern lands night falls fast where thine eyes are yet remembered  glittering through the mist  O free thy self  woman unkissed through these centuries saved by the stories of scribes that never knew ye whose love was lost in yellow letters yes hear me now that this epistle will stand to thy wanted testimony if thou wilt...if thou would...Thee Erzsebet  thee bathory  I call lady tigress countess thrice to thine and thrice to mine And thrice all again  to make up nine tall with this refrain Peace! - the charm's wound up east to west ! no alarm sound abrupt i leave my drinking cup and hold off war's pieces. steal away steal away steal away with me tonight. \par
\par
BRIM-pg48 Capote said I believe in hanging. Just so long as I'm not the one being hanged.\par
In the states, due to certain southern conflicts, hanging takes on another meaning for not only was it the way of execution for many years but also the manner in which some whites chose to speak to certain blacks, there's a even a blues song if memory servves entitled strange fruit. I have been wounded altogether twenty times; eleven of these wounds were received at Northfield. Jim was wounded four times at Northfield, and six times in all. Bob was never wounded until the pursuit in Minnesota, where he was struck three times...The prisoner's weight should cause a rapid fracture/dislocation of the neck. However, instantaneous death rarely occurs...I recognized it as a work of art, but I know fakery when I see it...If the inmate has strong neck muscles, is very light, if the 'drop' is too short, or the noose has been wrongly positioned, the fracture-dislocation is not rapid and death results from slow asphyxiation...The freight passing between Mexico and Missouri was carried on pack-mules...If this occurs the face becomes engorged, the tongue protrudes, the eyes pop, the body defecates, and violent movements of the limbs occur...Capote completely fabricated quotes and whole scenes...I occupy much of my time in theological studies for which I have a natural inclination. It was the earliest desire of my parents to prepare me for the ministry, but the horrors of war, the murder of my father, and the outrages perpetrated upon my poor old mother, my sisters and brothers, destroyed our hopes so effectually that none of us could be prepared for any duty in life except revenge...The first hanging i ever seen was a tape of alice cooper and like i said it gave me a notion to go for it...attraction is once in a while inexplicable...a ring of fire...i was lucky but i always been so as if escape were as natural to me as writing.  to think of it writing is an act of escape as you can see here was once a blank page. Anyway, nobody told me but i had helped myself out to a bit of learning even if it took another neck to connect it with strangulation. Hmm so the hands could do that as well? OK i get it. Still, I don't know if i believe in hanging although i do believe in the death penalty and even in abortion. Both in cases where it might be generally agreed to be necessary.  I know the egalitarians and the right to life protesters might be put off, but fingerbowls hey as today is a minute of silence in sweden i can't shut up because where are the other hours over all the other attacks? it takes death to see truth? when even the authorities cannot go into neighborhoods controlled by immigrant hordes it is too late to shut the entry gate. When I have a glad or not so glad bag of trash i don't let it sit inside instead i take it outside. Wouldn't you? I could not escape that bit of bitter truth. I also cannot escape the fact that the thin faced girl in the video capture the so called lol assassin looks nothing like the rounded faces of doan or siti.  To say yes, that is one of them takes more imagination than eye. my eyes caught the first set of flies i have seen in the country this year. \par
They swarmed and hovered over a thrown out bag of trash behind the building. Let me end by saying I believe in flies. \fs20   \b0\par
}
