{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs14 BRIM -PAGE SIXTY-Ha! write sham moe hey me yes in judge i say how might a man be named a sham...a trick that deludes cheap falseness   hypocrisy an imitation or counterfeit purporting to be genuine a person who shams...What you have done was totally inappropriate and you have provoked the sensitivity of Malaysians yes but these girls are from indonesia and vietnam The elements in the wait are a symbol of sovereignty and official religion of the country which i love but what does it mean to make us wait as if time could be wasted You must consider that Malaysia has a different culture to yours and i have but so does las vegas  I hereby exercise my power in accordance with 173a I hereby discharge you from the accusation and caution  you look judge yeah yeah but what we want is a fairl trial and to make my bitches suffer for this much is too much i'm over here and beside that they wouldn't let me get on the strip last night so now my cheap hoe she's all like where were you do you think because im a cheap hoe you can stand me up what the fuck are you billy bob look here boy i ain't no furniture i even shaved  and what do i tell her somebody set fire to the bellagio after the judge pulled the hiatus from hell interruption do you think women are overflowing with patience well nossir i mean give me a break i'm friends with aish nabila sham on fb maybe you are related maybe we can work something out what is this omg maples we gotta get apprentice one to mar lago look i have now seen pictures of ivanka and she looks so much like my cousin virginia in queens  i had to do a double take...can we get a detail in jackson heights wait what, no see i want to make it a collage as it were can't you tell there's a ton of people and i should include the many or more  what's that judge, You goddamn writer you really make me laugh. I do you a favor and do this hearing under an hour  when you're having a bad time, and now you're gonna try and push me out- let's talk business, inky. First of all, you're all done. Even with Hosni The ink realm don't even have that kind of muscle anymore. That woody kike is sick, right? You're getting chased out of bella vista by the police and the other Families. What do you think is going on here? You think you can come to my courtroom and take over? I talked to the jews - I can make a deal with them, and still keep my court!  look here judge i leave for seoul tomorrow and nobody calls my partner a kike you think about an earlier date and i will wait for your call -   Sonofabitch! Do you know who I am? I'm Harith Sham Mohamed Yasin!  I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders on the spree! i resent that i did no spree for bones dammit i'm following my bliss and love and i will tell you one more thing the Sham region is sometimes defined as the area that was dominated by Damascus i might ask us janine happy anniversary stanwood but i already know she's going to say something's rotten in the state of denouement man a vicious circle alexander the great ghengis khan babar england in 38 even when they didn't axis or anything communists and soviets from 78 to 89 the taliban 94 team america ever since and before what is it judge are you playing afghanistan's thirty nine year old civil war come on i seen the hands of the guards haunted by the beatings they give out to the prisoners and i pray you don't let likely innocent girls get mistreated for being there too long call it a mistrail in the name of humanity now really i gotta go see if i can easter some bunny rabbit before elmer has his food. \b0\fs20\par
}
