{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 brim-pg61- i'm hunting wabbits why even without weapons does bugs get the best of elmer? \par
these are the thoughts as i make my way through pus-bus ah!n  i kow it's busan but for so long it was pusan and to balance it all that is the then and now why not pusbusan all right all right busan. snow in the snow and nose in the nose and lol in the lol. there are so many pretty girls i want to have a group marriage. of course that doesn't mean i stop creeping on instagram no way. i'd say it's brains over brawn a bra in sober awning i say to ye now how i wroted the prime minister twice in words that reminded me of my amnesty international campaigns now they call you prince charming can't speak a word when you're full of ludes...i think he got the message as well as the second one with an inclination to help his image in the press being that even the justice department nominated him for an emmy in his role as ferdinand marcos, however, as of present the only statements have been over getting the BN over in the next election via cyber erections. i would have loved to play spin doctor if only to help set doan and siti free. if you don't like my morals i have another set somewhere...Daniyar  spent and surprised at  Nooryana's sensual enthusiasm reaches for the powerful multi speed 7.25" realistically veined vibrating dildo.  He had purchased the ritzy vibrator from his mother at the lawsuit price of one dollar. for no amount of dollars can i imagine or want to live through the side effects of doan's hanging. in the middle of insta creeping i catch myself thinking how many girls little and lovely and learning and leaning this way and that are also named doan and that is only on my side of the internet see there is the inland no net places of people yet either way oh hey doan hanged hell doan died well does it not create the opening for a ripple effect and even if only one other expires how should we shrug it off...chuck berry checkmate chuck barris what's up document. kiss had said once upon the seventies you gotta loose your mind in detroit rock city and it now seems that we don't even have to be in detroit to feel the insanity, kuala lumpur will suffice. michigan my apologies yet i'm sure y'all are intelletcual enough to understand highway 51 runs right by my baby's door meanwhile the big bopper saying well just put some bleachers out in the sun have it on highway 61... \par
\par
\b\fs16 brim pg 62 -  they are going to sleep in moscow as i awake from a disturbed nap next to six o'clock in the evening it's midnight in sweden and some other places yet only three on the west coast...\par
i sigh wishing my stay in korea had not been so few minutes...in a dream im handed a cigarette that is no marlboro but the type that takes you down easy and i turn in within a white room the low ceiling fan and disco lights make wonder where i could be when suddenly some sort of jealous girl unstrings my guitar and slices a scratch across kim tae ri's face i stand and place my right hand over it soft and gentle as white clouds in some clear blue sky.  how i love the world and how i love the word yet what does it all mean or matter if a sham is going to shank two young ladies? exactly. it would then be near a love that is in vain even if some of the words remain those might be contaminated by the remnants of that groucho bitterness and not against the women of course but these men that seem intent on letting it happen. deals are going down all the time and here still in the early part of the manuscript i'm tempted to again define and defend this writing style's intention for i felt an especially oh look there that line is from... yeah but it's meant to be you pip-squeak i want to stay here...formed from 2 jacks in case inquiring minds want to know which in turn is an ad from a rad mag speaking of commercials don't miss danny's the last photograph ..in any case i have not ever come across a book which is its own story. all of them are based on or derived from or told to and yes if you think of it even the bible is quoting hey even without quotation marks in some cases say psalms and subsequent stories. now this does not mean i am advocating a free for all in terms of attribution although there is a lot of that now with all the piracy and lack of privacy we all experience every television set computer cell phone and several types of cars are equipped to scan it all play it all and then writers like me make a production out of it and call it my own...this idea i'd eagerly say it is mine yet obviously it is siti and doan's tale therefore my dedication. as for everything else, indeed a quasi creative attempt to hide myself from the misery type literature fans that want me to burn my detective barnstorm tape and manuscript and re-write it...who was that, annie, wilkes, a nurse, anubis looketh over my wilkins memory a child yet shot down and see to that assassin's torment. bast hold back my tears as i wait to hear the purring unfold when doan and siti are set free.  \b0\fs20\par
\par
\par
\b\fs16 BRIM 63 -  darkness in the underbelly there is it prolly happened if you can imagine it -- in there if you can imagine it darkness -- underbelly - At night when the streets of your cities and villages are silent and you think them deserted, they will throng with the returning hosts that once filled them and still love this beautiful land. The white man will never be alone. chief resident surgeon oh yes i see well no it won't grow more teeth to eat through your pants and start talking on the street that is if you want to leave it lodged in there of course like ainhum it will most likely autoamputate the choice is yours bright young man how many fingers am i holding up the front office pays your salary white man will never be alone throng with the returning hosts grabbing pussy as a man thinketh aren't those donations deductable from your income tax why casey settled out of court oh don't try to lock horns with me buster i'll try to arrange it that way permanently but in reality the vagina has no way of grabbing you see now remember it's both prescriptions for the gonorrhea a terrible thing to happen to a dictionary next time only look for applause not the standing ovation it sounds to me like the prime minister is willing to trade my good time bitches for some kind of romp with eva now i don't know about this i wroted and perhaps i should wait some but i have some sort of sense a type of awareness a fleck of a fishy feeling and how do i respond well i suppose i have you know the dead travel fast the answer comes before the question yet i cannot let it go for it being a life in the balance two times and the possible others with names the same in the cities in the towns...besides i'm the kind of man that is not looking to lend out his eva money...At night when the streets of your cities and villages are silent and you think them deserted...it occurs to me i cannot save them or anyone no i cannot say such a contrary to hope conclusion i need to contradict it occurs to me i can save us all myself included with a song so strong darkness won't underbelly and this beautiful land will be love's villages in town and cities everywhere even-whore or wore out sham to shaman shazam chasm who has em en oh peter pan let's fairy washington i cannot tell a liberty yet bell i literature's dish america even if the great novels are a russian lot to serve doan and siti wishing to sever the threatening rope with the hope that song so strong wherein i can't go wrong now what name will i give this groove or should i let it untitled move. \par
\b0\fs20\par
}
