{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Berylium;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs14 73 or 77 - i am the flamingo and they are the bleeding volcano live long and prosper y'all do look a bit like vulcans now then yes i have heard the mirror accusations i'm mirroring this or that in some copy cat sensation but like mailer i will worry about my ass in my own way now who or what isn't to some extent mirroring something if indeed it is the case...or should an artist not paint a landscape, i see you want nothing but self portraits? well, let us go empty most of the museums in the world! how frightful it is to have such a thought...i suspect mostly for wanting simplicity which i admit i also enjoy yet within my works i want something daring even if it is dreadful in places so as to not conform to nothing my own constant return to certain patterns or words included. i am the flamingo and she is the pool. some people! it's not a swim to float i find. to float is not swimming. when it gets awful for them they say well we knew this would happpen we knew you would do something like this in fact we planned it yes we planted it oh rly well lookit i \lang2057  have never been commonplace. With woman's help I never will be false to myself and the new hole has given me its help. it has made me true-hearted, and I do not doubt the new hole. Now answer me another question. Is it possible that my dwarf should have the left over chicken? i ain't your dwarf, resounds from across the hall...done with the derrumba cha cha chat phone call i crawl into byron with susan's soul in search of my own but find only lust a flamingo's lust she is the vibrator. we tremble sweetly in the still of the early evening. in new york the large brown hindu arrives with erection pills  a cock ring and turtle soup. the brunette shuts her leg and he starts to bark at her it's racism you've been with the inkrealm and now you think you are too good for indian dick i will get a lawyer and put you in a lawsuit for discrimination. no it's not that it's the scent of spices, curry or paprika or something. you lie you know it's the soup look i brought everything we need now open your legs i only have an hour break from the newsstand or do you want  to  go to court. i only want my inkrealm it's not racism to have a preference here he left me a sex doll you can do it on that.... the sex doll is blonde and the hindu is mesmerized for he knew those plastic holes never had no bovine. before long the hour has passed wherein he could not decide which of the three holes to engage. out of danger and beyond lawsuits for failing to comply with aggressive sexual dark skinned sexual advances, the brunette netflixes into the evening. where she views i am the flamingo and she doesn't look anything like me. meanwhile in the ravenite social club lounge inkrealm looks to the bard, he seems to have seen better days, as who has not who has seen yesterday alike silvio no well i like silvio yes but always surprised by such reflections honest as the next jade rolling that stone...while thinking why on earth can't folks let each other be now if someone is calling me names well that is their problem not mine mine is creating art and to some extent defending it without defining it too much while freeing doan and siti oh how wonderful if they were here with me in south korea where i can hardly think for i am the flamingo and this one idea has enough space and time to include busan at least until the end of may later i will pray to santo flamingo and maybe everything will be as it should except for my comrade;s shoulder. i am the santo flamingo and she s the cat flight attendant. i am the satan flamingo and i know we all fell from the heavens at the same time somewhere at the end of world war two...i am the salvation flamingo at the end of history post war  television no channel three days ... \f1  \lang1033\b0\f2\fs20\par
}
