{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs14 BRIM 81 or 85 She never loved jesus. not in the way children are expected to love jesus when they attend catholic school. The nuns, of course, they noticed and even held meetings with the administration. Everyone agreed. the love of jesus was simply not in her blood. There was nevertheless sugar in her veins. It was there because what she really loved was chewing gum. you will notice how interesting it is to find that in this case chewing gum might be a noun or an active verb. you will also notice that it is intended to be both at once...The homeroom teacher had her top desk drawer full up to overflowing with products from wrigley which she had confiscated from her...It had become a habit well isn't that clever the woman in a habit with a habit of search and seize...Wrigley is the corporate name for a company started in the late 1800s by willy wrigley when he started giving out sticks to help push the baking powder he was pushing in the north east.  He switched sides and came out with sweet sixteen orange in order to attract the male customers...at the time, it was considered unmanly to chew gum in any case he hit gold in 1893 with juicy fruit and the rest as they say is history and here we are years later where if you were to ask she would tell you that double mint was the first one she tried. These days,  hubba bubba is her favorite as it even gives her the sensation of having had a full meal but only last year it was hard fought battle between big red and airwaves. for a few days her fetish was adorning airwaves with winterfresh which seemed well within logic at least to someone that truly loved chewing gum.  From her trips to the country, she had come to understand that adams even with the robust bazooka and the crunchy chiclets could not near the wonder and variety of her church of choice that is obviously wrigley's gum. Not when she could get hubba bubba in a roll out tape contraption which had no comparison in her mind with anything on the planet including, much to the dismay of her catholic school, jesus. Yes, she loved the chewing gum especially wrigley's and did not exactly hate having some adams when upstate in fact the only variety that she was adverse to was clorets. how she wished and wanted for there to be no clorets alas and much like the lord and saviour it was not going away...well she weighed why worry...she plans on graduating even if twice now she has been held back and yes you guessed it for a stick of gum. her future goals are to be in some way involed with chewing gum preferably the wrigley corporation and to advocate for legalizing marriage between humans and packs of gum or if the courts are stubborn well then boxes of gum. sometimes at night before gliding into dreamland she will fantasize over the vows...do you solemnly swear to take this box of wrigley's hubba bubba as your lawfully wedded husband to have and to hold forsaking all adams and clorets for as long you live...No, she never loved jesus and yet there was a nearly religious fervor to her passion not to mention how the homeroom teacher had been seduced...well, why should i let it all stack up? I can have a stick after the kids are gone...and so began her own addiction. pretty soon she found herself with a pack a day habit on top of her nun's habit. I can see these two in some distant future as fast friends chewing it up an all you can chew stick snack bar perhaps in seattle. indeed, what purpose can a saviour have without a sinner...surely somewhere in that  all you can chew stick snack there will be a smile on either side and possibly salvation for the girl that never loved jesus. \par
\fs18\par
\par
\par
\par
BRIM 80 or 84..\i The understanding of this truth is now, i realize, within me and maybe it was always there remaining so in order to find her and put up my own fight...\i0 I read that paragraph twice and thought it nice yet missed an and between her & put...How does one practice for slowness in the age of speed...a mystery i suppose...even now i typed how donoes instead of does one for thinking out all ready at practice and beyond for slowness is not my sensation...whatever. i wait for the end of the month and the new hearing and i give thanks to however i got that last page which could be the film and the anniversary and whatever beyond distractions compelled me to put place the two together...how i like it when a sentence is structured with that kind of love; The understanding of this truth is now, i realize, within me and maybe it was always there remaining so in order to find her and put up my own fight...today i wondered if could aqueeze in light as a little inner rhyme, but no indeed i will let it stand the way it wears itself. a dream of death wore me out, a matriarch a grandmother and she was being carried out of the front door...quickly followed by the echo of a distant pop song i haven't even played or heard all the way through in years...are the spirits commentizing on eternal recurrence...methinks not.  matilda had a cold i told her to keep her distance she said you don't cold i responded because i stay away from people and suddenly found myself fondling annette on stage who had a cold a went on to destroy the competition like gabi butler at worlds or haiz at the gala...i gallop into evening and there's rain the streets now wet nothing set except doubts and that delicious meal where i thought yes but these are only notes i'm taking like i'm not turning in my homework yet teacher...so i feel entitled to sketch a thing or even tell you about the plumber getting his pipe cleaned in the don't fuck my daughter dot com porn tape...what is the world coming to? ladies and gentlemen we must save ourselves to give children a goodly example they can follow and benefit from and my feeling has led me to start with doan and with siti right here from the godly mountain terrain of busan south korea.\b0\fs20\par
}
