{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Courier;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 81 0r 85 BRIM manuscript wip/notes////perhaps because there are erections here in busan, i went dreaming of some candidate giving me what seemed to be a payoff or perhaps he had hired me for some campaign work twenty two thousand euro in an envelope...bills seperated by paperclips we sat and i tried not to look at him as the servant fluffed up a cushion which was actually a television and he made mention of how technology has advanced although i agreed i was thinking of his doll which i said looked like gary hart after which i went down a staircase and took a pee not considering the possibilities of the foldable cushio tv set...it's a nice feeling to urinate with a stack of cash in the other hand...flench erection...some parisiennes are actually eyeing going to shool without a pen...my con does look like a man that would pay to sell out his country but except for drawing i cannot abide a pencil...what am i living, yes the lyrics of dancing in the dark...of course if he's willing to pay to be president well i don't want to be poor...po boy bo box 666...no i don't think i can or could i like the pen...roller balls, fountain, besides the post might give me that gossip column gig...i get up but i'm not in nine rooms it's five in the morning and i go back to sleep in a hiccup echo of a canto by ezra pound...the ant's a centaur in his dragon world....there is no greater line in all of poetry...she seems to be planning a bug wedding in the bed or in the supermarket i get up with a headache wondering over loomis and his pact with walt...alt ctrl del the lights went out on my workhorse...i had recorded lone pilgrim, i had watched dark shadows, i had wroted some notes but this sort of thing happens when certain visitors hover to uncover or discover but it's so simple i'm a rolling stone all alone and lost...it's that people are always searching for what they can't have or haven't already corrupted...some of them extend the cruelty to their own children...how far does stupidity already reign? dumb or numb it goes all the way downtown...some of us have even gone up to space and people still want to vote for corn...before waking i see dozens of dominican cops dozing in their uniforms...i have my lines prepared, i dunno i don't speak spanish it's not my fault you are idiots and have been given guns with live ammunition careful you don't shoot yourselves. \par
\par
\par
\par
82/86....brim yOU have seen how easily we can infiltrate even the inner sanctum of your headquarters yES, but even with self destructive suicide squads i mean that's great for a few high level individuals but what i was asking about was this population problem it's nearing eight billion and where the hell are we gonna put place eight million people on this planet? my idea was to kill the people and save the animals...you folks waited too long you wavered, for my part i have proposed mass extermination if the form everyday household products and i tell every jesus freak that crosses my path if you love this heaven idea so much why not go now why wait oh i see you ain't exactly sure hmm...well it's one reason to admire isis at least them muslims got no hesitation when it comes to blowing themselves up but its so messy and offers no consideration to us tourists...in Any cASE there needs to me some sort of plan not to mention lifespans are increasing even with the infomercials...that birth in malaysia was a hundred and twenty one years old...maybe we should start with people named tony i know it's a girls name as in toni but what the hell one less basil...all i know is if something does not do gown and soon, we will be forced to place limits on child birthing...the chinese have done this, but only on the surface  as there are one point three maybe four billion of them everywhere it was like reverse psyhology hell even harold adopted a girl sure a firecracker in school might go to the senate yet you see my point now the important aspect of all this is to retain the culture and identity within each country as much as possible even as we exterminate...we might get lucky...otherwise the world will be asian not that i'm against an aryan-asian society but i do feel uneasy for the nappy headed hoes, a lot of their men only want the white meat and even with the rising numbers they are basically eliminating themselves...no no i saw that but arkansas well what was that eight but nobody gets the money the state spent over years to secure those scumbags...it's thirty thousand dollars at least a year for every jail hound but that might be sixty in some cases even over a hundred and i have classmates from yale that don't even make twenty a year...turn that in your head, yale graduates making less than career criminals!\par
\par
83/87 BRIM\par
\lang2057\f1\fs24 How are you, money? said the nappy headed hoe, giving her hand to the purse she loved. It is strange to see you in these days.\par
The strangeness, hoe, comes from no fault of my own. Few dollars, I dare fancy, are more constant to their purses than I am. You see here it is all about currency, I say.\par
My business is where i lay, mostly out, about the town. replied the hoe.\par
Have you been about political business now, inky man? asked the corpse.\par
Do not ask forward questions, kim jong nam, said the ink man. the nappy headed hoe, I fear, teaches you to forget that you are although not buried still dead.\par
Do not scold her, said the old corpse. She is a good black girl.\par
It is you that forgets that i is making that pecker hard for my purse said the hoe. I do not want to be a nappy headed woman no more and after this i am going to relax my hair like they likes it back in my hood.\par
I don't mind waiting ever so long for you but consider that a dead man can only ejaculate so many times so do hurry with your nappy head for i am to be  married to that korean and he will still be a corpse.\par
\lang1033\f0\fs20\par
\par
\b\fs16 84/88...BRIM...Across the lawn's field in front of the old farmhouse, the magician raced. Breathing without thought yet taking in the air from the surrounding  universe he ran. In an instant, as the tied horses now well behind him fed off the high grass, there was a flutter and instead of merlin a falcon flashed over the tranquil blue water of the lake which fenced those grounds from the forest beyond. His flight's intention would cross time. He had only met the inkrealm once before in a dream where poets danced and oxen blood was poured in with the wine. It had been easier then, the world not yet so crowded with transmission waves and his message delivered in time.\par
\par
The inkrealm sat, pondering over his manuscript and pushing away into an escape from the sordid distractions. There was now more than one woman he wanted to marry and he feared there'd not be enough negro girls left when he finally came around to having a full sounding back up trio...Not that he felt his own back up singers were lacking, on the contrary... it was only for a certain track he had thought about, but there was something weird in the air as when one reaches for a libation only to knock it over before quenching the thirst...Always at times such as this, he thought of Doan and Siti and hoped they were not in too much sorrow. As lonesome as our towns have become, none of us understands truly what it is to be locked up, to have lost freedom, unless we have been in that sort of situation or in the underground metro. \par
\par
Merlin as a falcon landed in Ohio before the start of the twentieth century instead of Busan in the present. The lush valley of trees which he considered sacred were being swept away to make space for cities and he wept at the magnificent struggle which made man the owner of those lands. His message to inkrealm would have to wait just like the hearing postponed for in his dejection as a bird he turned into a native. An iroqouis which is the name their foes supplied and to which the french added the suffix and so really a mohawk yet some words stick even without the glue of logic. The mohawks and merlin moved north away from the machinery with their sadness now entwined. \par
\par
Meanwhile, inkrealm wondered if it would be wiser to wait before attempting more notes for the rest of the month.\par
\b0\fs20\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
