{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs24 78/82brim...work in progress document// let mickey eat it, he eats everything...wait, pence went and the ink man is living there no i gotta go myself oh hell who changed my wife settings. susan pipes up i see the expedia page open that better be a trip for two. pompeo is forced to tow the better half along. first thing i'm getting gold in the skin too. the see i ate smoothly in busan as it seems everyone is somewhere else. i get up from wrestling my mother perhaps possessed by the undertakers desire to return to the ring...if you have not kneed your momma in the crotch yet well you got no reason to be depressed i will call this move the depresso might have been lack of coffee...of course one of my neighbors back in the no water apartment zoo park well her name is also lourdes and maybe it was her wanted the knee cap to the labia i remember crosseyed mary rushing to get in my way a couple of times while carrying the meat while searching for my seat...so there it nears midnight yet it's noon time sun here the index 24,685.83 increase 70.70 (0.29%) harpers reports Republicans who are overweight blame their habits, while overweight Democrats blame their genes Support independent, fact-checked journalism. Subscribe to Harper's Magazine today for only $21.97 you can be in two places at once hell fitz it ain't that you can repeat the past it's that that is all we do...it happens after a nagasaki or a hiroshima party i mean what else is there...nobody follows the killer...jerry lights the piano on fire...great balls...meanwhile i was thinking of peter sellers...i heard he developed an entire character on the flight..when he landed he was someone else...the sudden worry that someone will look at this and have the critical feeling i have against too many characters game of thrones,,,everything eats...busan possessed crotch tack name marrying group seating...or we could play chess if the dress is not seducking well no it's not a word yet...neither was diginet...seductive the dress code...stress code...maybe i will wait till you all are dead and then i can write what the fuck i want to wanna shake your body down to the ground i guess it is my favorite song about death your head all up in my sky...somebody with talent aught to cover that now...anyway some of these thoughts  i'm exploring for reasons of a future manuscript i started planning several years before no not the family wrestling feud dear me i was seducking the dress code sensation...... collecting evidence to defend a Vietnamese suspect in the death of a citizen of the Democratic People\rquote s Republic of Korea (DPRK), Vietnamese and Malaysian lawyers are actively in the next court hearing, according to Foreign Ministry\rquote s spokesperson Le Thi Thu Hang during a regular press briefing in Hanoi on April 20...let hit who hang due ring are guile prissy reefing in hand on that airport scene lawyers are act tv in the malaysian chess vitamin let mickey eat it...\b0\par
\par
\b 79/83brim \par
A long time ago, when the world was still a real place with animals and flowers everywhere there was a man that walked among us and gave us music. They called him Elvis. I was told that it was his wedding anniversary. I am not writing it to celebrate, I am in the story to explain how the film i caught yesterday helps to tell his story as well as that of the early history of the korean lands. \par
it is especially visible there in the ending sequence as the protector of the king and crown prince puts his life on the line after giving everything up for the love of a woman. It was the lyrics to Suspicious Minds to an extreme...The woman was dishonored while yet a child and in seeking justice lost her mother. She found a way to destroy not only her attacker but the very foundation of the palace...I will not let go of this hand...however, she was compelled to consumate her facade with a feeling within which was nothing less than true love...a love she attempted to deny in order to save the protector yet he knew as one knows when a meal is fine from the taste -what is it, willy and the poor boys --yes you cannot fake such things as that, or talent...and so he stood against the enemy and then a squadron just like elvis after exile in 68 and then in hawaii and all the rest of it _ you can be certain to save the ones he loved which we could speculate included america or at least memphis tennesee, las vegas, los angeles, and parts of florida...The tears rushed from my eyes as the soldiers rushed against the determined lover, the korean elvis doing everything he could to hold back the hordes from his beloved. When a battle of such intensity begins there is no ending, you can be sure Ming is still fighting for Gahee even these hundreds of years later as is Elvis for his loved ones. Death has conquered them yet they have vanquished the grave. The word is immortality. With a song, with a story...How simple the purpose of life becomes when one finds that which is worth dying over...I can see this in myself more clearly here in busan south korea, I suspect it is about a girl yet as I lay down the spirit of that model that wrote a poem came to me as if to let me know she was at peace...she had danced all night, she had sold her soul...i held her and consider now that it might not be about a girl but about me. that is, the understanding which i lack and always look for in learned texts...The understanding of this truth is now, i realize, within me and maybe it was always there remaining so in order to find her put up my own fight.\b0  \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
