{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs18 BRIM 99...it's like the postcard that said land of beauties and i don't mean tits and tight pants i mean there's an inner beauty too and eerytime i feel that embrace well my mind races back through the contrast of walking outside before i knew busan and feeling well who am i now? is someone going to come at me for whatever reason they have reasoned in their mind? what was the game, whoever can yell out the louder truth which did not necessarily have to be true...i suppose and yet still from a distance it makes me nervous like getting drugs in malaysia sewn into the insides of the fabric...maybe it's all a fairytale yet here in busan i can sense all the freedom and the possible future bliss except of course for the knowledge that nuclear power plants should be dismantled...\par
this man merlin he settled down in the southernmost territory of the canadian lands back when the only aero crafts in the sky were birds and he awoke one late evening feeling that there was no more to be done as the pre-dawn stars flirted with the darkness and the breeze. There and then, as if fleeing from the sun's approach he continued on his way into his journey leaving a stream of tears that turned into blue gem stones as they touched the fields of green. Years later, farah ottolux turned to her man and demanded another dog, a puppy by golly. It's not that this marriage is lacking anything for me, she breathed heavily, but think of bambi and how happy she would be to have a companion you know a lot people have two dogs. So there were two and the husband grew a beard to help hide his confusion. Pretty soon he was even joining in on veggie mondays. It wasn't sexual pleasure exactly, but there was a game room where the men could let their latent homosexual love extend without it being conspicuous. you are a bad writer. Bad? i'm nationwide! Bad writer, bad. Oh because i don't let you ride me like your exercise machine! You can't just write what comes into your mind, dammit. Dude, i'm actually trying to not pen down what's up there for national security and personal reasons hey is that a nigger across the street? Theresa may geronimo rammstein we're all living in america therefore only make fun of the white people and especially trump then everyone will love you! i don't want that type of love i want to regain enough gravitas to poetry reality, i fear that running from all the spanish sorrows has left me silly like a fighter hit too many times over the head with dumb arguments and loud noises...it's like the postcards of love i am going to send in poems for the next few pages of this manuscript entitled BRIM.\b0\fs20  \par
}
