{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Port Credit;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs32 BRIM (the tale of two good time bitches arrested in kuala lumpur before valentine's day)\par
\par
for siti & doan  -a work in progress-\par
\par
"\b0 the moment of change is the only poem\b " - adrienne rich\par
\par
Just like a lot of girls, they were'nt reaching for death, in fact, they were searching for a camera that was nowhere to be found. There was some overhead cam, but the tape is so blurry that it makes one think gerhard richter spread a glass squegee. squeegee. how is that spelled, it doesn't matter. you either get the point or not. squigee. well, despite all the evidence i am a perfectionisto. squeal boy! like a pig boy, i want you to squeal! oh, ned who makes up such words and why do i opt to write them down. delivered, brimming with legality, apandi said the girls would be charged like wasted cell phones under the penal code number 302. Ford windsor. for dw said vx was ten times more yet the airport kept on trucking. KLIA - Lapangan Terbang Antarabangsa Kuala Lumpur in that sweet talk language. delaware, it got me thinking. .In 1919, Ford bought out all  investors to incorporate in that State.Also, the death penalty is hanging, the hanging judge it seems is still sober. so bear, sam! Play it again, play it back, look henry no jews! Malaysia. Yes, to us without much knowledge outside of the king's english it only means far away place. Malaysia the response to what is the shopping spree before xmas called?But ma, I can't deck the halls tonight i got malaysia from macy's...Indeed, or rather, point is if you hold an israeli passport well simplt put there is no entry.  Mossad french fries. All three of us know they gotta have someone everywhere, - stop it, i lost count I mean i forgot the ISP folk and the folks watching the internet service pros - which makes this a crowd in which case of course new paragraph. news beatnik parenthesis and a petty fade but yeah i promise page two will be pretty.\b0\par
(\i closeup sorry crossing fun fun fun cutta m in dc on trol cal cycle psycho calcutta\par
bits raise merry hell diary and daily reminder the school of mayhem and murder\par
underworld fast kneecaps  to study sexual behavior and state secrets Denai is the demon of hunting timothy leary is dead kim jong nam sleep paralysis a humanistic way to wage a war\i0 )\par
\b I can still feel the eyes of those blue bellied devils...\par
\par
\par
\b0\par
\par
BRIM -page two- There is always yes, there is always no. Yes and no. Yes, I know that straightahead writing will win awards and is easier to translate for sales overseas or at strange supermarket literary stands. I also know that for those of us that like to read (or even those of us who used to enjoy those paced pleasures of a bound book before the battle for individuality took hold) it might feel unusual or strange to compete with one's own ideas and to complete one's one thoughts with let us say ketchup for the sake of saying. In these early pages, still prologue obviously, i can't see or feel any better way to go through. Weigh it with me; which kitten or cat has come on over with hey that finnigan's wake is a surefire page turner! I said the same thing sylvia said, but I didn't know it until i reached into her jar. I love the idea, but where are you alike me to speak of such volumes? valient and precisely the seed of modern literature in itself a prophecy for the end of  writing. how does it happen that instead of everybody reading, they are writing posts and posting pictures. I haven't heard anyone mention steinbeck in years, is ferlinghetti alive, it takes decades for anybody to mention dos passos or pessoa even...quickness is what wins the soundbyte grab them by the pusan push button busan aha scan for a throwback yet somehow there are them which won'tallow pretend that is fiction at least in my experience you are in a confession box and these are how many glory be hails will be had now stop making barking sounds at your mother when she goes apex ape bananas. Enough of non-story. It is essential to stick to my game plan. that is no plan. we are, after all professionals. within this work you will find swift cuts into the ways of words some of them heard some of them said some of them crafted for the very purpose of poetry if you will indulge me the monicker for the present. The president does not recite poems because he or she knows that the  poet makes bombs, takes lives, creates riots, kills. more often than not so called writers don't have a clue as to what they are typing. I perhaps in honor of cummings forgo syntax and hone in on a feeling that is horny with a pure lust for a groove. these grooves, like songs, they don't last long and you will find it so even in a symphony i mean no worthwhile composer ever kept to one phrase.it's the magic of jazz, too you will agree. now then, for a second or two forget all that you heard and imagine that someone might walk up to you at a mall or airport and put you down for good. frightening thought given that there usually are too many people in such places to prevent smeared handkerchiefs or darts...even the arts could not help you then! this forget about it for a few seconds has a flip side; lookit bro do me a favor and hand this envelope to sasha - she's the one over by the camel cigarettes - i fucked up and she's not talking to me and i would appreciate it if you you could give her this...so you walk over with that and leave to hear on the news that sasha expired on the spot perhaps or you exit to enter the hotel but instead of the concierge there are a handful of agents waiting to take you down, downtown..so, yes or no but in between also the maybe. and it it is this baby that beckons for an expanding style, a universe of hints, a hiss whispering hey perhaps \b switzerland hallucinates a very small amount in the water supply Hantu Hutan i guess i must seem very cold blooded  sky high horrors electrodes no body just long arms implanted in the brain mexico angels play the horses duped I knelt at her feet in gratitude and adoration scratching of the witch while some exorcists may doubt whether it is lawful to use certain unconsecrated herbs and stones  \b0 Ain't I rough enough,Ain't I tough enough Ain't I rich enough, in love enough oh! Please...\par
\par
\par
\par
-prolonged periods of Castle Cachtice- \par
There were present above twenty persons to attest the truth of this\par
 How many times in his life would he have given anything to have turned off a \par
main road to find a lost corner like this where he could \par
let the world go by and live in the sea from dawn to \par
dusk! \par
\par
Witches sometimes formed models of their intended victims from wax or clay. When pins were stuck into these, or when the models were  thrown on the fire, the victim fell ill and sometimes even wasted away and died Fell long before; nor aught avail'd him now bunny girls party at oss kuala lumpur 2014 switzerland hallucinates\par
a very small amount in the water supply Hantu Hutan i guess i must seem very cold blooded  sky high horrors electrodes no body just long arms implanted in the brain\par
janos and thorko TD true drug do our bidding against your will the phone was on the table demonologists often discussed the possibility of witches having sexual relations with demons This excellent plan recommended itself to all Mont Kiara J-0 G-08, Jalan Solaris, Soho KL a neck and leg trance strategic services i'm sure having seen no direct proof maleficium Hantu Gunung, are spirits that roamed the mountains they belong to the group of ancient ghosts that inhabits  the earth before the coming of men amnesia Nineteen witches were executed at Chelmsford in 1645\par
\par
red sox moe a mistake of a million times gottlieb southern mexico angels play the horses duped  I knelt at her feet in gratitude and adoration scratching of the witch\par
\par
loved the placefirst sight magic mushrooms spread blessed salt all over the apartment\par
\par
 the terrace leading almost to the high-tide  mark priestess maria sights The Tangangyika laughter epidemic of 1962 was put down to an outbreak of mass hysteria I was utterly astounded; and, for a moment, was quite at a loss what to do  some exorcist may doubt whether it is lawful to use\par
certain unconsecrated herbs and stones\par
\par
 the low two-storied house With gay brick-red \par
awnings over the windows you heard sounds you smell things\par
powerless to seek revenge \par
 Darvula and Dorottya \par
Several students said they had seen the ghostly figure in the canteen\par
Moreover, it cannot be denied that the devil liveth, yea and reigneth throughout the whole world. Witchcraft and sorcery therefore are the works of the devil: whereby he doth not only hurt men, but also, by the permission of God, he sometimes destroyeth them.\par
 \par
 the crescent-shaped bay of blue water and golden sand.chemicals vanish anacin local skylab i want her dead tuesday pepco\par
 \par
And now he was to have a whole week of this capable of causing mental attitudes\par
 he knew the whores the pimps and later in san francisco with a commanding view\par
But my evil destiny attended me still.\par
\par
In his mind he fingered the necklace of the days to come.\par
\par
\par
 BRIM-page three- I work at the BEACH CLUB. I'm Siti from Indonesia I'm twenty five. There's more different people here in Kuala Lumpur. In Jakarta Barat it's too much Chinese and it only costs some few thousand rupiahs for a ticket. You know, like thirty dollars. anyway it's weird because I thought Chang and James might have been Chinese. I don't have anything against the them, but they control my country and nobody does anything. Anyway, I thought maybe they were Japanese too. Of course, I wasn't really thinking about where they where from or even where I was from. I was thinking that it was good money at least more than the beach club at petronas twin towers. My work there was only part-time, you see. Some people are saying that I'm a whore but being a masseuse at a unisex salon well I would have to be a lesbian too. I liked James more than Chang  and i was filled with hope that I would be in a reality show. He made me practice for this show many times at the mall and train stations and even in a hotel lobby. He gave me 500rm each time. Once when I  was putting the money away my cell snapped a photograph of him. You know how sometimes the camera is on and something clicks. That is how the police got a picture of him. Andreano Erwin the ambassador deputy from my country told me he was really  Ri Ji U from North Korea.and that they think he is hiding in the NK consulate. It sounds so much like a movie! Well, for a while it was fun I mean James took me to Cambodia and Chang gave me the oil there which I thought was baby oil. Between the travel and expectation I didn't think it could ever be for murder. James and I even celebrated my birthday together. I remember him saying that I would be perfect, that I would be a big star. Now everything is haywire. Erwin thinks that Chang is actually Hang Song Hack the mastermind and that he was also at the airport before flying back to Jakarta. It should have been me going back home. But in the back of my thoughts, I did sort of become a star in a way, a strange way. \b TD or true drug to do our bidding against your will the phone was on the table demonologists often discussed the possibility of witches having sexual relations with demons This excellent plan  recommended itself to all Mont Kiara J-0 G-08, Jalan Solaris, Soho KL a neck and leg trance strategic services i'm sure having seen no direct proof maleficium Hantu Gunung, are spirits that roamed the mountains they belong to the group of ancient ghosts that inhabits  the earth before the coming of men amnesia Nineteen witches were executed at Chelmsford in 1645\b0  Aisyah it is not my name. I've only ever been to real beaches and my lips are nicer than the other girl. In this part of the world everybody knows that all the power is in the NK and like many people here I work for the smiling man man our dear leader. I have been working for the smiling man since nine may of last year when was named chairman. Nobody can replace our dear leader even if the chinese  think they can control more of asia by bringing in his brother the disney dog! Let them have america if they want more land, this shit is ours. The poison was in a plastic vial which would break and infiltrate the skin upon contact.. Me and Doan were fighted for two days over who would have the honor but in the end we agreed the important thing was removing the threat. I put a quick red color to my black hair and sharpened my eyebrows for the kill. There's no security at the airport and anybody can come and go. We came and made him go away. BYE BYE NAM. Hang or Chang as they are calling him was there too to make sure there were no tourist with cameras filming as Doan and I made our final approach. They say I might hang for it but they have no proof and even if they kill me our dear leader will live on and my family will not be forgot. Ten thousand years to our dear leader! \b Witches sometimes formed models of their intended victims from wax or clay. When pins were stuck into these, or when the models were  thrown on the fire, the victim fell ill and sometimes even wasted away and died...\b0\par
\par
BRIM-page four- \par
\par
\b corporation; oh my inky we yuss luvey dovey your ideals your idea - \par
\par
me; lookit i aint got but one idea really these are variations on it you see -\par
\par
corporation;itss like you are more than one persons -\par
\par
me: whaddaya mean like schizoid or like scholarly?\par
\par
Corporation: hahahaha and funny too two funny oh my we really need to a contract together!\par
\par
me: i'm not dealing with nobody involved with tyra banks, last time you know my idea for\par
a supermodel reality show where they get filmed taking real drugs and harder drugs each\par
season well that right cunt didn't even bloody respond like i'm not even worth the time and well a person has to have some sense of self respect you said it yourself i got mutliplicity in me!\par
\par
corporation: we can - did you say drugs?\par
\par
me: you know fitzgerald went hollywood and couldn't hack it he said a writer is always several folks if said scribe is any good. oh can i take these water bottles and bagels home with me when you get done?\par
\par
corporation: wait a minute take it easy sure you can - can we get the bags for inky - here i have made out a list of characters for a stop action animation features to be run in bollywood all you have to do is put in the dialogue.\par
\par
me; no no you gotta run it someother place some place i can go to and eat cow meat without being crucified they they have a thing about the bovine species how about england i mean how am i gonna promote this calcutta you gotta give me a break i ain't going vegan.\par
\par
corporation: well i will run it through the heads and see if we can sells it in london.\par
\par
me: excellent good i will be waiting at home if these bags and water hold out that long if not then i will either be on my way to the supermarket or on my way back from there oh and please don't send no car i got a nervous disorder trauma thing from being stopped by cars.\b0 .\par
\par
\b BRIM -PAGE SIX- \i If I hear page six my heart beats back to the new york post which holds a distinct place for that number in their daily manuscript. Now, I have only learned a few things worth knowng as a writer and one of them is to write as much of what is in front of you as possibe. Yes, it is true that most of the books you mght find concern themselves wth what is behind, what is past. It may seem a contradiction, but it ain't. You may well ask what or how but the answer is right there, i mean, most of us cannot divine what s going to collapse, call, or customize the coming days and to pen the present well it is like a live sex show as it were uhm where one is not exactly planning to grab here or suck there yet it may happen...anyway, i have yet to actually find any editor that would guide my groove in the manner i thought was custom to the writing profession. in any case, i got up feeling pretty fine over page five even with the missing word and typo and after musing over my erection and the coffee and cigarette well i looked at the aforementioned manhattan journal which told me that two boys had eliminated a little girl because she was annoying them on snapchat. snapchat is not pants with press down buttons uhm it's like unedited writing as it is being typed...yeah, like what the keyloggers on your computers see when you handle the board.I always hate to hear of such sad well wait i don't want to say sad...of such tragedy. more than men, women are the future. there is no way around it even if we could get pregnant most of us wouldnt. Now then, if we all agree, let us leave the appetizer and move on to the entree...Yes. I am aware that I did try to strangle Roxanne with my bare hands, but I had no idea that strangulation could lead directly to death. I should always be grateful that she didn't hold it against me and that even years later she returned with another equally attractive girl and all three of us both sat on the floor in front of the sony big screen to view porn. Porn, if you don't know, is like when page six goes to magazine mode on sundays. well, to bring this back to subject, it could well be that Doan and Siti such as it was with me and my hands had no clue they would be held as culprits! I realize that it might not be for you in reading yet for myself in writing it is an exciting revelation. Of course, i will admit that it is not as thrilling as a three thousand square foot nine room residence on Park Avenue, cindy adams, praise you yay yet i have to admit a touch of jealousy. it's the name isn't..innocent, sweet, all american concise...inky gram. hmm inky gram the gossip columnist, listen up news corp, angelo, and lynch! get me nine rooms and you gotta new grinder! in reply please refer to file number 0936\i0 . \b0\i The envy of eyebrow lovers and sensual curves everywhere, Maddie Hasson, is in talks to direct a screwball comedy set in a first come first serve free male-circumcision clinic in south africa, sources have revealed to the post....\b\i0 otherwise, he goes on smoothly...checkbooks cell.grabbed true tap trump tape i was there in the script dissed democrats were worried are still wondering the soviets have an extensive espionage network in canada like carter and the salary originally wanted mel gibson's batman burst bustin jieber militants all liberal the messiah threat ixnayed the barney man no information regarding this being furnished to the state department Yentas with nothing else to do claim with politics.smells strong pantsuits pinstripes long range goals are being set.crazed for more raised to score back in malaysia a great number of girls greet the evening with porn hub, that is in case you don't visit the dark side of the web, sort of like a browsing library but with a lot more books in it. so six days ago world of buzz says malaysian women rank seventh via mobile. thanks ms pui yeah her name's pui fun. indeed. \b0\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\b\par
\par
\par
brim pg 21 -look here go away you ain't fit for this firing line you a girl a girl child not yet a woman nossir i am about to present my case for wite power no wait thar's white power you prolly ain't even over listening to snope dog and draik so i need me some space not no myspace damned internet got eerybody suicidal yeah so i  listen to james brown but i'm sticking it to the jesus killing jews at the same time every month is white history month now simply because i'm from alabama don't mean i am a hillbilly nossir my hate will go on sure you go ahead and dance to that darkie beat that rape my fruit of the loom bloom but one of these days the real race war is going to be on and whadda ya gonna do fucking move to uganda where bitches ain't even got panty liners ain't you say you all vegan and what not what damned veggies you think you gonna get in them green hills motherfucking cannibals in them mountains someof them still in the trees see the white man the right man built this world and we the sons of truth and freedom well it is our job to buy it back to maintain it everywhere you look it's getting to be the same for fucks sake they got niggers in finland it's gone too far like a fart turned wet telling me i can't use the dark negroid negro nigger blackboard words it's politcal correctness we don't want to hurt nobody but ourselves give me a break african american as if no no you go and get afro happy celebrate kwanza why don't ya let me get to what i gotta get to fuck transgender visibility with a toothless nigra in the night you lucky if you can spot the eyes it's dangerous it's downright time for revolution for resolution and this pussy licker inkrealm going on and on for like a month about some stupid ass airport in some mongrel  place where you don't see nobody walking dogs prolly cause they feed them to hindus on the sly all the while going yeah no cow you want a coca cola with that soy burger baby he should be on our side instead he wants to keep working for the blood sucking jews and bitches and whatever but at least finish reading mein kampf dude inkrealm they are a bunch muslims and all a muslim wants to do is seventy two virgins not even in grade school can you get seventy two virgins but the first thing on my list is that selena gomez i mean srsly the weekend the whole weekend in her whizard heat wave really what kind of example is that to the white girls i dunno i think she might be part mexican or from morocco fucking moron gonna whore out bitches looking up to her over some poser writing ass songs i heard they play doing the butt all night long when they fucking fuck me the world is wrong but we gonna make it right not like letting bill cosby slide into the sidelines or pushing the interracial digest down our throats nossir well if we got rid of spike lee we can get rid of the rest of them say son you want to order some italian pizza or maybe some chinese nah momma made sandwhiches and i don't want to miss mariah's world  after we get done with the jimmy swaggart ministries  now look here boy i'm gonna give you some emotion you keep masturbating to half breeds on the E channel boy why did i ever get you a legal machine gun is you is or is you ain't my pure breed white child son jesus give me strength i can cope with the daughter listening to jungle music but you done it now i gotta get my rockwell tapes out for you  all day tomorrow and no mariah woman no how if you gotta bust your nuts boy well i got you the olson twin poster now get your hotline crazy bling sister out of my den i gotta write this letter to paul ryan and make him understand our position maybe even step down and let a real man work on the healthcare for white power !\par
\b0\par
\par
\par
\par
\lang2057 brim pg17 -the horny cat recognised him. Both dressed in black. \lang1033 cartridges for every species.  I\lang2057  could not speak to her as she kissed me in a dream, \lang1033 cole younger's smith and wesson schofield single action revolver is available for purchase. \lang2057 for he had to take up a verse after the chorus, and drawl out the words which were \lang1033 you gotta feed em, guns are hungry\lang2057  But she knew that he had known her, and she almost felt that she had found a friend \lang1033 the only sound that verified i wasn't hallucinating \lang2057 who would be kind to her. \lang1033  tango 6 is everything you are looking for in a dangerous game scope. \lang2057  when inquiry would be made \lang1033 the butt plate has a rubber recoil \lang2057 this friar would be able to give some testimony we played a rough game \lang1033 As a boy i was mesmerized by fdr and hemingway niggers 18 inch machete with serrated blade\lang2057  will slice it off right write off she passed on altogether across the \lang1033 retractable air hose reel \lang2057 bridge, in order that she might reach the spot she desired without observation--and perhaps also with some halting idea that she might thus postpone the evil moment \lang1033 the impulse is mild, more of a push than a jab...cole was bald and wroted a biography...this rifle makes me feel like thomas jefferson. moth watering features right out of the box\lang2057  The figure of nymphomaniacs rested on the other balustrade of the bridge with \lang1033 black hill cartriges. original ww2 rank tabs. the african cape is a formidable opponent. carrying a handgun has become a way of life \lang2057 and she was reminded to stand for a while under its shadow. he only admitted to holding up that last job up north...She had thought of this, and had told herself that she would tell the president to make a clean cut then cross the roadway where \lang1033 you can't fix it unless you understand how the firearm is supposed to work.Foam and sheepskin assure comfort. \lang2057 in the middle of the that moment the moon was shining brightly: and then, too, the night was long.\lang1033  will you have the nerve to stand your ground and finish the job. \lang2057  Why need she be in a hurry? \lang1033 i've seen them take five or six shots before sucking the dirt. \par
\par
\par
\b brim-pg18-it's one degree in moscow. i don't mean i have one degree, as you know, aside from my graduate and post graduate studies at yale, i have been given several degrees including the third by chloe. now as i was saying, it's one degree. there was snow. i fear the baby chickens will not make it. to think of this as spring must have consequences. now then, i realize that every word must further the action. needs to involve the reader, but this ain't no fifty shades of same book. it is a letting go and coming to some type of contrary style which attracts me and of course which will persuade for some sympathy for the women. especially them two standing accused. innocent until railroaded guilty but we will lock you up in the meanwhile! where can they go? their faces made famous by the furious newspaper magazine articles? come on let them at least have something other than the jail in this inbetween time. it only seems fair. as i made my way again from moscow to the local mall i hurried past the stationed cars. Pretty girls caught my eye but my thoughts were still in a film i had seen. it was Al Pacino in the humbling and well if you have not seen it and love the arts then you must...the ending sequence is arguably one of the most powerful moments in all cinema. not part of the theme here, but i sense a thread. the same sort of excited feeling haunted me after london boulevard. both deal with actors. my once upon time mentor told me when i went to see him in union square that the writer is very much like the actor. i am what i say am. am say i what am i...he was still doing a southern accent for some reason but not when he said those words. in any case, despite being a doctor and a field agent for several agencies, i am not above employing - to settle the matter- unattributed quotes as i have done on purpose! hunter s, well he typed out entire novels and thus became gonzo. Yes, i say this for the narrow minded that cannot imagine literature as the great mosaic salvation. you want to pin me down yet i am not what i was and i am not what i will be...become. imagine the world itself is in these two girls for they might yet birth the future magic. how could i let it go and retain any sense of honor of self? well. it's a few more than one degree here and i am going to look at the trending porn videos for the next page maybe it will lead to some connection twixt the spaces. please, remember we are not even done with the first chapter!\par
\par
brim-pg 20- THEY DON'T LIKE TO EVEN SAY DRUGS BUT GIVE US THE PITCH\par
\par
-no curves, no knuckles, watch the ball it;s straight speed. well they would not start with speed. it would be pot most likely the only catch is no alcohol only narcotics. so there is your season one, some of them might even get a prescription since there are a few legal states now. cut to season two, cocaine. devil's dandruff. the marching powder season. keep in mind they'd still be on the weed. three, we go a few episodes sniffing heroin and then shooting. now if the ratings hit high we do four with withdrawl and methadone treatment, sure you will say what if the network wants a five or six? i got no problems, i will bring you corrupt dea agents so down on the dope to make your head spin. now these operatives have seen the show and they want drugs but they want to sex that especially hot contestant so we set it up as a return to form as it were except now there is a romance too and they might be so whacked out who knows maybe even marriage hell it'd be a nineteenth century novel right there on the televsion.\par
\par
--WE SEE WHERE YOU ARE GOING BUT HOW IS A PRODUCER SUPPOSED TO GET AWAY WITH LEGAL ISSUES NOT TO MENTION THE DAMAGE TO THESE MODELS.\par
\par
-i got both questions settled, ready, all right, A the producers and the network go under the educational stance, we bring you this report to enlighten bla bla bla and as for the models well look there ain't no way you'd make it in this business and taking this job will get you on tv not only that but it's guaranteed to keep you thin after all is said and done you will have an enviable credit to your portfolio, you look like you already had a few drugs yes well in case of overdose or anything there is a hefty insurance policy for the person or charity of your choice besides what else is there other than prostitution or crime when you can't pay up on that loft in city. sign the document and we'll take care of the rest. \par
\par
--WE ONLY NEED TO MAKE CERTAIN YOU REALLY WANT US TO - \par
\par
-i am sure. and you well know that if it is not in the top ten it will be a cult hit oh fuck i don't mean to curse excuse me but in between the episodes a history of drug use and users of note. i especially want freud included and to make positively sure we are on the same page this pilot cannot get into the hands of tyra banks. i don't even care if it's oprah that does it and mind you i got no love for these black women making themselves over with heeb monikers like whoopee\par
but anybody an i mean anybody other than tyra, but yes i want it to be a woman presenting for the possible empathy angle unless you all can get richard simmons you know people are curious a testicle might pop out of the shorts it could work\b0 .\par
\par
brim pg 19 - \par
\b Devil anne burnt thou my loin's as,\par
sand beach me here divorce my own sweet book,\par
sucking teen teeth from zipper walls was,\par
i yet burning long-lived penis, in her bod,\par
told her i no this hathaway phones as the tits,\par
And do what thou wilt crowley-footed crime\par
even the wide vagina and all her fading meets:\par
yet I forbid thee of doubt's heinous rhyme,\par
O rave not with thy instagram love's fair glow,\par
Nor draw me insane there without response when,\par
Him in thy bed tainted you with wine and blow,\par
For beauty's rented only to succeeding chicken.\par
Yet do thy worst old friend: despise my song,\par
My love for thee in my verse lives ever young!\b0\par
\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\kerning28\b BRIM - Pg 7- Daughters shown think Jane. Privacy happens, Chloe! More relationship complicated. One word, dead. But if you try sometimes\'85Jealousy hair between rapid friends\'85Andrew said he thinks about white supremacy and how silly the fight for equality is in some places where they make it seem like racism is still possible. Being in the klan is cool and all but then you put on the sports station and find yourself cheering some pin head pitcher from Japan. Jabba Hut jar jar binks bin laden obiden, I have not seen rogue one because I keep thinking it\rquote s eyeshadow  I don\rquote t want\'85Maybe there are too many fashion models in my mind\'85How does the cat know I\rquote m home alone enough to risk the balcony climb as if playing me in love with missy five? Here\rquote s the pork chop, sorry I can\rquote t feed all you feral sons of bitches everyday. End cat hunger today! Back in Cairo, Hosni could be heard screaming tonight all you bitches are mine again! I try to wear headphones whenever possible but after a heart attack a broken rib and busted leg (dig the pun everybody) well some shouting simply cannot be avoided. Weird, yes I\rquote m all the way over here but time and space walks well what does it really mean if you are not wearing a watch\'85Bill Pufky, whatever happens, I don\rquote t want no damn wrist watch, get me a case of the good stuff for srying out loud\'85Srying is like crying but with an s for she doesn\rquote t want to go camping this weekend, whaddaya mean? I mean ten naked youths killed a sheep in front of work makes you free a few hours ago.  Repeat after me repeal and replace, but some hypnotic suggestions oba there don\rquote t ever go away rambo nothing is oba or as Charles Manson put-placed it too many people died for this protest I paraphrase and take it out of context but turn with me I might yet make a point that has not yet been wroted copied underlined and bookmarked by the pamphlet and printing presses. Speaking of which and seriously back to the matter at hand, I heard new details which I won\rquote t go into here yet I will post them accordingly anyway the most of the matter is the name of the boyfriend and if you are into omerta and that sort of thing how he snitched his way free! Y\rquote all seen that one kid in the picture with the caption going I want to be a snitch when I grow up. Among others, I have made several references to William s Burroughs,  when me you fly I am the wings\'85part of it is not only admiration for the prose but I was reading Junky which used to be Junkie and within those wild pages there is a bit about how it used to go for snitches, well at first free shots and such but when that much was over it weren\rquote t no hide and seek and lets go back home now no it usually led to some sort of fatality now I wonder if you can tell when a writer pauses see I know of some folks that might grimace at my talk of hangings and I have myself had to deal with related incidents but I mean only to proceed with the text not to have the departed in haunting stance or disregard nobody\rquote s sentiment. I sent me a note reminder all the young girls love alice, I was a young man I could not resist but like strangulation I honestly had no knowledge that put-placing a rope around your neck and using the air as a bridge could bring about the after life. Well, this might be overkill but it seemed like the thing to say in type while waiting to hear about Doan and Siti and their lawyers and the trial date and so on such as the snitch boyfriend and the daughter I believe I read oh dear imagine the repercussion how much worse than a cheerleaders concussion the cushion of a day before the attack a woman I had bathed with in an imaginary  roman hotel -The gypsies say that no such castle exists there except maybe in the imagination of one man-well she had been visiting Westminster  I thought to spin it into the story to say her husband had put a hit on her to go party with Mubarak but i could not decide if it would be rude even if it is a choice curve ball to throw. Bottom of the seventh. three up, three down. no portion of this game can be retransmitted without the express wroted consent of my muses, doan and siti. \kerning0\b0\par
\pard BRIM - page seven - \i the night was...sultry...things to do; 1, contact adobe to get their engineers on top of embedding gif and memes along with the text for possible electronic editions of BRIM. \par
2. avoid stasis. line for a poem. in stasis with stacey i stayed roaming the quiet roar of seattle. \par
3. remember that people like action, like some excitement...yeah umph! 4. romance too if not romance then have bad romance playing in some night club scene...yeah radio gaga...5. it's national puppy day but don't tell your what to do with a dead puppy jokes, it would be a drag instead have lola the chihuahua make an appearance, something sweet, yeah nice like. 6. that bloodline word that is alike boogie, yeah bogie; an evil spirit, an unidentified aircraft hmm malaysia recently got their latest military airbus; it is also a wheeled vehicle for the railroad...7. lucifer...why did i write that, this was cake this was easy but the sound of satan, what the hell was i thinking! i first met satan after checkiing in to the belleclaire hotel right off broadway and seventy third street. yeah, well, i done it once with lucrezia and who knows i might get lucky here too.\i0  ( \b I see you have got your varsity letter. Now, now, before you rush into any more of this best of times worst of times generally accepted feeling the heat closing how about a quick vasectomy.It's done wonders for all of us and well some of us have daughters you see, ah sorry, you don't see I forget we left you with asexual eyes all for the best really, team work, help out the ex-convicts who may or may not have married into the family. I declare, you really are a good sport! whoa there, that sure is one weird valley pocket gopher, Stacey, get the gloves. Don't look down, it only takes a few there we go seconds, Stacey, this sack is ready for stitches. Can't wait to see what wonders you will weave for page seven. So exciting and even better now that nobody gets pregnant. Ah, it is true, I would have had abortions myself. But don't be so quick to disregard incubation, the future is still at hand. now, onward my good christian soldier\b0 ! ) I can't go on, I cannot, can't hardly stand it! hope is the thing with feathers, charlie they took my thumbs, Burroughs dearly wanted to shoot it out with Broyard at twenty paces with .45s, but a duel between an author and a reviewer was hopelessly one-sided, in that only the reviewer was armed the point i was trying to make might be exemplified in the parker reel angel heart so wait no heroin in kuala lumpur uhm please please please yeah the protagonist got no idea half the time over what he has done and this boys and girls is horror! Baby, you did me wrong.beleaguered, despotic, aggrieved, boastfully sensual and always ready to pontificate, Alois is yet another version of the devil Mr. Mailer knows I'm down on my paris review knees 193 cover me in a cape i'm off the stage with my one idea .It can take you down. Look at poor Truman. His attitude became, If I\rquote m not recognized in my own time then something absolutely awful is taking place in society Acknowledge the power of magic if you have employed it successfully to obtain your desires .ma mail mailer a similar plot in tough guys don't dance fuck it take a chance let the undertaker talk I may not dress like Satan anymore, but I'm still down with the devil I've crippled more people than polio.Allow the purity of evil to guide you.Satan has been the best friend the Church has ever had, as He has kept it in business all these years Listen, if you've got beef with me, I aint a hard guy to find. I stand 5'7, I weigh 136lbs, and I'm usually at home avoiding conversations about food. Late evening lingered long after midnight and I weighed the page perplexed over how to move away from myself and let the music of the manuscript play in the sorrowful language of one cast down from  heaven's high and out of his angelic head always here to hound the faithful as i turn to wolfgang for wisdom I bow to the learned lord, you certainly made me sweat,in style pay no attention whatever to anybody's praise or blame. I simply follow my own feeling. \par
\b BRIM-pg 11-if you look up, or -as we often tend to now intone- google how to follow satan it won't bring you satisfaction unless you intend to worship the devil. What I was searching for was how to follow the lightning quick trilogy that is turning out to be page ten of this tome. i suppose some exposition on the reason for this "style" might be in order. it is three fold, more than once i have felt that not only was a certain work in progress already available but even some of the thoughts behind it and so why not post it as it were...secondly, the challenge of being concise while at the same time throwing nearly all manner of form out the window and -hopefuly- making it new or at least beatific in that smoke for the scene and bring everybody into the dream type of typing wherein a quote such as just sped by your reading peepers will melt into the question, into the quest...third and lastly, this "act" this craft, this spooky art, it is part of what makes me who i am even when i say some immortal words not mine or sing a line far from this time. It makes it so because that is also who we all are, the collective 'we all' so when the cult croons i fell from the sky well we have all had that dream, no? Yes and so we can get on the bandstand it's a good a good beat and you can dance to it understand? I like that tradition, what James Joyce, TS Eliot, Ezra Pound, ee Cummings, and William Burroughs brought to literature. Now then, how to follow Lucifer as it were... I may have mentioned in these notes how goodly Rules Don't Apply looked and in one of my favorite scenes Howard Hughes, by the way that book by Richard Hack could give the Harry Houdini pamphlet a run for its money if you enjoy an awesome story, takes a plane over to Great Britain and on the way he's telling the story of Jolson having to come on stage after Caruso. Well, Jolson struggles since the crowd keeps cheering uhm you know like when the fab four had to quit touring because they simply could not hear themselves over the euphoric screams, anyway he gets them, HH, relates, to simmer down and then proclaims, you ain't seen nothing yet. Cutting off the engine and letting the air freighter float with the back door flapping he starts on a solo jamboree of Is it True What They Say About Dixie even throwing in a few extra lines just like Bob Dylan might in a concert well in a concert in a city with his kind of light. Right. Now, then, there this is what I need to do here even if it seems I only have Hathaway in euphoria as Billy Shakes put-placed it  I hate  from hate away she threw and saved my life saying not you. I realize, it might only be my own reverie and in reality her and Eiza have teamed up to put me a straitjacket yet that is all one really needs indeed that dream those dreamy feelings of being appreciated. i don't expect anyone to applaud at this point especially when in other circumstances i would be pretty much through given that it's been a month but they are dragging this out like Talia on a what to wear for the weekend over on the west coast...there's even graffiti going, how much longer?  Call from Cairo! telephone? an actual - yes. Who, I ask one of my two secretaries, he's saying Honey. Honey? I'm not here, I don't know any honey well wait hand me the handset, Hello? Inky Man it's Hosni Hi! Mubarak, you motherfucker, I heard you were free nobody said you got a cell. I am calling because I need this talk of release orgy contained. Look, man you were uhm I was happy for you I let it go, nobody reads these things i see you still sound like mister dracula. I am going to be very fair with you Inky Man, I only ask not to be included in the final draft. We can talk it over, I would love to visit egypt a lot of the cabbies in the city they only pick me up because they think i'm from the luxor oh wait you know i could sell my agent on a biography but with the sex you know how it is in the publishing business.. No biography not yet only i need containment yes? In that case, let's have a meeting, a sit down i really need to get out of the house more anyway and i know you can relate. Very nice talking, I will think for a time to meet and meanwhile remember my request.  you got it big dog, falafel and castello high red label beer i hope soon thanks for checking in, sorry about the piece in the times. Inky Man you read my mind, those faggots they don't know what's it like in egypt with  emergency law and everybody wanting more money everywhere nevermind I change my stance write the whole orgy yes and i say to you as a friend in a few more days there will be more. Well, that makes my job a lot easier, i hear the GID is no joke and well don't get too wild. I have always been a moderate despite what they might say and yes no joke but it is GIS at least for now. all right, got it,  give my regards to Saliba Street!\b0\par
BRIM- pg 10 -part one-\par
\par
say say say ivory bone paul to me then sounds like the number of the beast in catalan\par
so i'm waiting for harvey to cast juno temple you know but it's not the same with the new\par
marilyn diez you see i always say some things cannot be translated but they did do riverrun past adams in cathay it was eve and the snake bruce it ain't gone daddy for that he swear it was her pink cadillac while going for smokes all the way from russia to bella vista mall i seen me a girl with a candle i thought later uhm the virgin spring hoping of course she'd be all right but i know nobody is truly it's all temporary that tempest and this temptation bringing me to satan. the darkness, my dear emil how well you balanced it in murnau's faust emily i suppose could help but it would hurt not to surround bulgakov for a few seconds (to you, I'm an allen atheist yet to God, I'm the loyal opposition -all in- there is no god but allah)  But this is the question that disturbs me--if there is no God, then who, one wonders, rules the life of man and keeps the world in order --Me, me whispered the cat let me give the signal Like pineapples in a hothouse! now you will say I am hesitating and i am for A im not on a deadline pay and B my sometime mentor norman K built an entire hierarchy from hell with agents and such but i suspect he was not allowed to finish the trilogy I\rquote m not guilty  said K much less live long after indeed also the matter of the highly misunderstood nietzsche left without intellect for his remaining dozen years or bakers dozen hey pound spent a similar amount of time in a southeast washington facility look bob we simply can't trust them they turn on us they turn it's spring the melting snow puddles across the pavement in the land of rasputin as the schoolgirl grins at me when i step aside holding a red candle as if it were her child i steal a photograph and stamp my way out of the supermarket leaving those starving men to their own stupidity. Intrusive, thoughtless people said K the word fame is in famine and yes as a girl i knew you both which is how i made the connection with kiera in london boulevard I saw a werewolf drinking a pina colada at Trader Vic's his hair was perfect!\par
\par
BRIM- pg 10 -part two- the devil's in a cat and the baby's brain lookit here bob we got one of them new york city intellectuals telling us he voted trump and gonna make us go halleluja satan, i dunno man i got  my uber to deal with and why in the world read anything more than the newspapers and the bible...i sure damn wish bernie or the lying bitch wouldve won now ain't nobody but these fool arty types can come out supporting the donald...yeah i sure know what you mean hey bob you think pence is a fag - no man - you sure i mean i heard he goes to them broadways shows - i tell you who is a fag, though that gordon fox - from batman - no man not commissioner gordon the weirdo from rhode island who stole everything he could get while sucking intern dick and then he married some queer fudge packing hair dresses yeah marcus or marcos you gonna die when you hear this one mrs marcus fox oh fuck no was he the governor - i don't remember - it's rhode island i only know cause i had to drive up there one time - man whoever is driving this dude sure is taking his time no it's not that it's prolly the rider here look at this; \b The following special arrangements are required at each hotel. Use this check list very carefully: there may be no deviations. A uniformed security officer is to be assigned to the door of the hotel suite 24 hours a day. You are not to use a city policeman and you are not to use the hotel detective. This security officer should be hired from Pinkerton or some similar organization. The following items are to be in the suite prior to inkrealm's arrival: Cracked ice in buckets -- several buckets - Lunch and dinner menus -Pen and pencils and pads of paper -Professional-size hair dryer -Steam iron and board -One carton of super King sized rothmans menthol cigarettes - One carton of camel blue 99s -One bowl of peppermint Life Savers blue and yellow irises  Case of Pepsi-Cola, ginger ale, vanilla soda and bottled water.There is to be a maid on hand in the suite when Mister inkrealm arrives at the hotel. She is to stand by until  dismissed.the following liquor and drugs are to be in the suite when Inkrealm arrives: Two-fifths of 100-proof Russian vodka. Note: this is not 80 proof and it is only Russian- One half kilogram of Cannabis. Note; seeds are to be removed before weighing. One ounce Heroin. Note powder not the liquid hospital type. One fifth Beefeater gin note Bombay acceptable and Two bottles Moet & Chandon champagne. now then inkrealm will not go to any radio, television studios or newspaper offices. Don't suggests it, don't request it. Arrange interviews for 10:30 or 11:00, depending on the number of reporters at the press conference. These  interviews are to be set in the same suite (not inkrealm's). Arrange for a number of  tables with two chairs each for various places in the suite, and inkrealm will go from one to the other for exclusive interviews. EXCLUSIVES: When it is absolutely necessary, and when the person involved is of truly top stature, meaning only from DW, Primer Impacto,WPLG local ten, or The New York Post inkrealm will give an exclusive.It is extremely important that you arrange events at the hotel exactly as outlined above. Inkrealm will be met in an air-conditioned, chauffeur-driven, newly cleaned Mercedes limousine. Instruct your chauffeurs that they are not to smoke and that may not at any time drive in excess of 39 miles an hour with inkrealm in the car.inkrealm will be carrying a minimum of 15 pieces of luggage. Along with the limousine you will meet inkrealm's plan with a closed ford van for the luggage. Have with you a luggage handler who can accompany the van back to the hotel. It will be his task to take an inventory of the luggage as it comes off the plane and into the van, and as it is being brought into inkrealm's suite. There will be a few small items which will go with inkrealm in the limousine.. Luggage van to follow limousine and remain within sight of the limousine. Every precaution should be taken to assure that none of the luggage is misplaced. Fifteen pieces is the estimated minimum. There may be considerably more and it will be possible for confusion to result\b0 ..now that is a list, say how'd you get it well it's my ford van got rented on this and i get back when he gets in. \par
\par
\b BRIM pg10 part three- a honeymoon that might well be spent in a nunnery army hospital aces and eights '65 what price hollywood you're not tying yourself for life Boardcards sister of joan. If Constance can't take it with her, then she won't go stimulation is the basis i told her twenty times in order to support herself and her baby tried acting until something better came along- i started first in the convent suddenly buy in with bullets married a count peso   I'm a go-to-sleep-at-4 a.m. girl, and get up at 11 annulled personally I don't think there is such a thing as age. I knew Elsie Mendl when she was 92, and she used to wear me out met sam went to hollywood Phillip Morgan 25 rich people falaise third marriage service herman de luxe bluff Marquise ante I've always been too thin. You can hang a hat and coat on my vertebrae. I love to eat. Lorinda and Christina with Gilbert until Coultur Colonel Madame X Arlington today in the same rank, I'd be making a million dollars a picture. I was the first one to introduce the percentage. I did it with a handshake  In later years she admitted that she conceived peter after divorcing her husband no limit just a thin thin layer is necessary they come to see me then go out humming  loads and loads of loveliness -one had the feeling that she'd been shot from a canon and showered her sparks over an incredulous world with no thought or care where they fell (no surgeon's scalpel has ever touched my face) her '31 salary inspired tax legislation aimed at the industry bought the easiest way let's drink to the fallen angel 57 movies sister to barbara Active Player keep them honest knock now, the next time anyone asks you how old I am, tell them I started my career at 2, and had my first baby at 4 i sang with my own voice in films we can hardly take that into account i also did cosmetics and fashion design costumes in cincinnati he's not offering you marriage he's offering you heaven for my tempermental skin steal a few more minutes of sleep and sometimes not even then i like a sheen and good luck  i've been thinking It's staying calm and happy and having something interesting to do a rough contract  you wouldn't expect  a very confident girl who'd like the job 1904 i now pronounce you splendid truly splendid be constant and thou chainest time forever hey find out the name of the lady i'm dancing with -Konstanz is a city on Lake Constance someone in new york once called her miss dracula, stanzi wolfgang finds out things like that writing late  amadeus saturday 13 symphony May celebrate its fourth Long Night of the sciences mozart  he can  lake afford them veronica's real name a feeling of courage, power, Cum grano salis you can become what you choose do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law do you mind, no, on the contrary. \par
\b0\par
\b BRIM-pg9- prelude to the satanic yackety yak - Mortech manufacturing lists six carriers none of them with metal covers now i don't mean like when the awesome metallica done did thin lizzy but rather like "covered cadaver" - there is even a self propelled one!  Mind, you they are in azusa california. I started looking into it because I found that image strange, didn't you? sort of like science fiction or some extremely fancy hotel room service cart. Yes, the eight foot long salad has arrived, would you like it in the terrace? Led me to troll a message board wherein i found this wonderful piece of writing; I volunteered as a male "candy striper" for three years at a Seventh Day Adventist hospital in the Los Angeles area from 1980 to early 1984. It was a blast. As a late-20's single guy, I met many eligible nurses, which was the whole idea...If you are a single guy and want to meet women, I recommend it. If you are a single woman and want to meet guys, maybe not. Sorry if that sounds sexist, but let's face it, most nurses are women, even in 2014...well as my sweet doll house lorena put it you are borned you live and you die but not necessarily in that order christina, He's a one stop shop, makes my cherry pop...the candy man make everything he make delicious satisfying you can even eat the dishes...i want candy all the time...No, it seems there are carriers with metal covers, but they are termed trolleys. Mortuary trolleys. Leec has them out in the United Kingdom.  which leaves me only with the ceremony part;  The site for the operation has to be chosen with care, the most favourable is some lonely crossroads, a vault, a forest, or perhaps from the mortuary to "cheras" well they've got an ikea down there too i care the magician says proceeding to bleed the self and drawing the name on a stone, the ritual  can see where the soul of a person currently resides after praying by dancing around the stone tranced.  Gimmie that! Gimmie that - your automobile,Turn off that smokestack And that goddamn radio  Hum... along with me... Hum along with the t.v. No one's Gonna  Stop Jane in a white Toyota Vellfire Pierce the Veil then chanting over a an object representing the target and a fresh human eye. If successfull, the target gains the ability to see past the middle for several nights According to Mr Glosserman, China has already bought its annual allocation of coal but i recommend eating the eyeball to glimpse the last moments... Under United Nations rules, victims of human trafficking who commit crimes under duress should not be prosecuted by surgically creating up to seven additional genitalia on a fresh corpse out of its tissue, the performers can freely trade Willpower points among each other and have greater success at following spells that do not specifically target a ghost, provided that they do have intercourse with the newly modified corpse Felicity Gerry, a Brit criminal lawyer, claims the two attackers could have been victims of human trafficking. To describe such a passage as pornographic in the lurid explitcitness of its details would not be an overstatement. Naming the witch ideology and stereotype stratton which reminds me of stratten If someone's going to talk about me, I'd want it to be positively. The way many write, you'd think only bad things were interesting...yet i defend myself with seneca no less see Whatever herb gives flower the cause of death,  Or juice of twisted root, her hands have culled...Here I invoke you, silent company, Infernal gods, blind Chaos, sunless home  Of shadowy Dis, and squalid caves of Death Bound by the banks of Tartarus. Lost souls, For this new bridal leave your wonted toil.  Stand still, thou whirling wheel, Ixion touch  Again firm ground ; come, Tantalus, and drink Unchecked the wave of the Pirenian fount. Let heavier punishment on Creon wait  Thou stone of Sisyphus, worn smooth, roll back ; And ye Danaides who strive in vain To fill your leaking jars, I need your aid. Wisma Putra is believed to have made arrangements with next of kin to receive body in Macau (Wisma Putra is another name for the Malaysian Ministry of Foreign Affairs) wiz map ya try a pill ip ay no MR AND MRS inkrealm ??!! THE DYNAMIC DUDE MAY BECOME A TRIO!! THE QUEEN OF STICKS AIMS HIGH ! FIND OUT TOMORROW, WHETHER SHE MISSES. . .OR MRS. !! SAME INK-TIME, SAME INK-CHANNEL. AND HAIL LORENZO SEMPLE even if that episode was wroted by stanford sherman War is the remedy that our enemies have chosen, and I say let us give them all they want but who would need a self propelled covered cadaver carrier fuck it let's get one anyway maybe google will be able to wheel us around the city hey this might solve lohan's driver problem waymo huh way more yet only room for one david i miss you here she comes here she comes back from suffragette city. \b0\par
\par
\par
\par
\b\par
\par
\par
brim-pg 22 xhapter ii orca and the killer oral tradition\par
\par
 As I was a-walking down Paradise Street,To me way-aye, blow the man down.\par
I know what my ancestors would have done. they had this shaman. A skin whale stuffed with birds.... piss on it and throw it into the sea. A pretty young damsel I chanced for to meet, If all is done right, the evil spirit flies out of his mouth and he's dead...Give me some time to blow the man down, Maybe you should try it for me.- The world has changed. Even our gods dance to a new song.  That's exactly what she said. Give me some time to blow the man down It says in the book - Especially the head.I hailed her in English, she answered me clear, I\rquote m from the Arrow bound to the Shakespeare- What are you doing down here? I had to see what you wanted bill's camping gear for. Are you gonna hypnotise him? So I tailed her my flipper and took her in tow,And yardarm to yardarm away we did go. You are the dumbest, maddest man I've ever met. That's what I get for my books. So I give you fair warning before we belay; Don\rquote t never take heed of what pretty girls say.\b0\par
\par
brim - pg 23 - \lang2057 back you, triumph. Will not you let me wallow in my solitude as i swallow my tender coffee and tempered smokes. No--no, no, said michael anderson. No, it will not be enough! But his voice now was not altogether real. something of a wild joy came to from the generous admission. a tv Jewess i recall said even in the concentration camps we kept kosher! good eats. conquered with no other weapons than those holes nature had given her.\par
\par
I will never become his wife--that he shall never touch me or speak to me or my poodle in love. I blame Heeb Magazine and those tumblr biches! How could this happen? the solemnity in her manner which for a while startled me and mr anderson into silence. "You will believe my hole, I am sure," said she. "No, I would not believe you or the hole maybe the poodle but I have not heard it speak since elie showed his tattoo. Let's shake the dust, michael anderson slapped his hands together. I stood perplexed over the situation, it had been years i suspected forgot all together yet as i tried to climb out of city and into the syracuse suburbs there was hesitation, did she love me after all or perhaps even love michael anderson too...\par
\par
I sure did like the dog although i am profoundly more into snakes and reptiles. As the door eased shut i could hear her start screaming the words mixed up like streams in an overflowing jacuzzi; malaysia! muslims! I will turn your stomach into a telephone and I hope the goddamned midget croaks! I had wished he hadn't heard but I knew that he had so i looked at him on our way out saying don't worry we are all going to croak sooner or later and obviously if not her hole then for the poodle we will return and settle things nice like educated folks. \par
\par
\lang1033\b\f1\fs20 RING IT UP CUT UP CARPE DOWN - \b0 just another tweet in the twitter kingdom\b\par
twenty dwarves took turns doing handstands on the carpet Aserej\'e9, ja deje tejebe tude jebere sebiunouba Majabi an de bugui an de buididip\'ed bee hotel-hopping bubbly teddy\par
doing handstands on the carpet twenty dwarves took turns the intrigue deepens lol the classiq hotel where quality matters disneyland obsession Our CCTV records on a loop erasing any footage from the weekend the Hunted Heir  alone and carrying a bag Chinese elites had no expectation take me to the station aimee mann ed mental illness she ran away from moby blotting not rubbing acorn cocks on the carpet twenty dwarves took turns doing handstands the internet was too slow police took her upstairs for six hours reena the receptionist was twenty eight Chinese elites had no expectation blue contact lenses five police officers upstairs for six hours deepens the intrigue lol three different hotels in Sepang an oriental design tattoo of a man with two Japanese carps spread across his torso bubbly teddy bear blue denim skirt  brexit parade deported paper kids white jogger selfie not handcuffed at that pointAccording to the law in Malaysia, there is no time limit the Hunted Heir  alone and carrying a bag Malaysian police came to identify Kim Jong Nam through the moles on his face records on a loop erasing any footage from the weekend The NFL Redskins move from Boston to Washington Bandar Baru Salak Tinggi 1937 dwarves took turns doing handstands on the carpet the internet was too slow Carp are coldwater fish hill sedway zegen widespread translocation has muddled the historical zoogeography of the carp blue contact lenses five police officers upstairs for six hours hill sedway zegen widespread 1933 Hoover gave his last major speech,to the Republican Club at the Waldorf the Hunted Heir  alone and carrying a bag the key is blotting not rubbing\par
i rub out the word take me to the station n-word  CTS develops from problems in a nerve in the wrist reena the receptionist was twenty eight independent analysis is a serious blow to the plan financial president shoot border millicent patrolbrexit parade deported paper kids white jogger selfie not handcuffed at that point millicent put the losers in socialist microwaves aimee mann ed mental illness she ran away from moby acorn cocks The NFL Redskins move from Boston to Washington Bandar Baru Salak Tinggi 1937 spring training intel buying those parts from our servers n-word swastika regional mexican recipe put the losers in socialist microwaves saftey your vision our eye i rub out the word carpet handstands took twenty dwarves They downloaded CCTV recordings onto a disc \par
spread across his torso Aserej\'e9, ja deje tejebe tude jebere sebiunouba  Majabi an de bugui an de buididip\'ed bee hotel-hopping Hoover gave his last major speech,to the bubbly Republican Club three different hotels in Sepang independent analysis is a serious blow to the plan twenty dwarves took turns doing handstands -6:29 13 march 2017\b0\f0\fs32\par
}
 