{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 BRIM- pg 10 -part one-\par
\par
say say say ivory bone paul to me then sounds like the number of the beast in catalan\par
so i'm waiting for harvey to cast juno temple you know but it's not the same with the new\par
marilyn diez you see i always say some things cannot be translated but they did do riverrun past adams in cathay it was eve and the snake bruce it ain't gone daddy for that he swear it was her pink cadillac while going for smokes all the way from russia to bella vista mall i seen me a girl with a candle i thought later uhm the virgin spring hoping of course she'd be all right but i know nobody is truly it's all temporary that tempest and this temptation bringing me to satan. the darkness, my dear emil how well you balanced it in murnau's faust emily i suppose could help but it would hurt not to surround bulgakov for a few seconds (to you, I'm an allen atheist yet to God, I'm the loyal opposition -all in- there is no god but allah)  But this is the question that disturbs me--if there is no God, then who, one wonders, rules the life of man and keeps the world in order --Me, me whispered the cat let me give the signal Like pineapples in a hothouse! now you will say I am hesitating and i am for A im not on a deadline pay and B my sometime mentor norman K built an entire hierarchy from hell with agents and such but i suspect he was not allowed to finish the trilogy I\rquote m not guilty  said K much less live long after indeed also the matter of the highly misunderstood nietzsche left without intellect for his remaining dozen years or bakers dozen hey pound spent a similar amount of time in a southeast washington facility look bob we simply can't trust them they turn on us they turn it's spring the melting snow puddles across the pavement in the land of rasputin as the schoolgirl grins at me when i step aside holding a red candle as if it were her child i steal a photograph and stamp my way out of the supermarket leaving those starving men to their own stupidity. Intrusive, thoughtless people said K the word fame is in famine and yes as a girl i knew you both which is how i made the connection with kiera in london boulevard I saw a werewolf drinking a pina colada at Trader Vic's his hair was perfect!\par
\par
\fs16 BRIM- pg 10 -part two- the devil's in a cat and the baby's brain lookit here bob we got one of them new york city intellectuals telling us he voted trump and gonna make us go halleluja satan, i dunno man i got  my uber to deal with and why in the world read anything more than the newspapers and the bible...i sure damn wish bernie or the lying bitch wouldve won now ain't nobody but these fool arty types can come out supporting the donald...yeah i sure know what you mean hey bob you think pence is a fag - no man - you sure i mean i heard he goes to them broadways shows - i tell you who is a fag, though that gordon fox - from batman - no man not commissioner gordon the weirdo from rhode island who stole everything he could get while sucking intern dick and then he married some queer fudge packing hair dresses yeah marcus or marcos you gonna die when you hear this one mrs marcus fox oh fuck no was he the governor - i don't remember - it's rhode island i only know cause i had to drive up there one time - man whoever is driving this dude sure is taking his time no it's not that it's prolly the rider here look at this; \b\fs12 The following special arrangements are required at each hotel. Use this check list very carefully: there may be no deviations. A uniformed security officer is to be assigned to the door of the hotel suite 24 hours a day. You are not to use a city policeman and you are not to use the hotel detective. This security officer should be hired from Pinkerton or some similar organization. The following items are to be in the suite prior to inkrealm's arrival: Cracked ice in buckets -- several buckets - Lunch and dinner menus -Pen and pencils and pads of paper -Professional-size hair dryer -Steam iron and board -One carton of super King sized rothmans menthol cigarettes - One carton of camel blue 99s -One bowl of peppermint Life Savers blue and yellow irises  Case of Pepsi-Cola, ginger ale, vanilla soda and bottled water.There is to be a maid on hand in the suite when Mister inkrealm arrives at the hotel. She is to stand by until  dismissed.the following liquor and drugs are to be in the suite when Inkrealm arrives: Two-fifths of 100-proof Russian vodka. Note: this is not 80 proof and it is only Russian- One half kilogram of Cannabis. Note; seeds are to be removed before weighing. One ounce Heroin. Note powder not the liquid hospital type. One fifth Beefeater gin note Bombay acceptable and Two bottles Moet & Chandon champagne. now then inkrealm will not go to any radio, television studios or newspaper offices. Don't suggests it, don't request it. Arrange interviews for 10:30 or 11:00, depending on the number of reporters at the press conference. These  interviews are to be set in the same suite (not inkrealm's). Arrange for a number of  tables with two chairs each for various places in the suite, and inkrealm will go from one to the other for exclusive interviews. EXCLUSIVES: When it is absolutely necessary, and when the person involved is of truly top stature, meaning only from DW, Primer Impacto,WPLG local ten, or The New York Post inkrealm will give an exclusive.It is extremely important that you arrange events at the hotel exactly as outlined above. Inkrealm will be met in an air-conditioned, chauffeur-driven, newly cleaned Mercedes limousine. Instruct your chauffeurs that they are not to smoke and that may not at any time drive in excess of 39 miles an hour with inkrealm in the car.inkrealm will be carrying a minimum of 15 pieces of luggage. Along with the limousine you will meet inkrealm's plan with a closed ford van for the luggage. Have with you a luggage handler who can accompany the van back to the hotel. It will be his task to take an inventory of the luggage as it comes off the plane and into the van, and as it is being brought into inkrealm's suite. There will be a few small items which will go with inkrealm in the limousine.. Luggage van to follow limousine and remain within sight of the limousine. Every precaution should be taken to assure that none of the luggage is misplaced. Fifteen pieces is the estimated minimum. There may be considerably more and it will be possible for confusion to result\b0\fs14 ..\fs16 now that is a list, say how'd you get it well it's my ford van got rented on this and i get back when he gets in. \par
\fs18\par
\b\fs16 BRIM pg10 part three- a honeymoon that might well be spent in a nunnery army hospital aces and eights '65 what price hollywood you're not tying yourself for life Boardcards sister of joan. If Constance can't take it with her, then she won't go stimulation is the basis i told her twenty times in order to support herself and her baby tried acting until something better came along- i started first in the convent suddenly buy in with bullets married a count peso   I'm a go-to-sleep-at-4 a.m. girl, and get up at 11 annulled personally I don't think there is such a thing as age. I knew Elsie Mendl when she was 92, and she used to wear me out met sam went to hollywood Phillip Morgan 25 rich people falaise third marriage service herman de luxe bluff Marquise ante I've always been too thin. You can hang a hat and coat on my vertebrae. I love to eat. Lorinda and Christina with Gilbert until Coultur Colonel Madame X Arlington today in the same rank, I'd be making a million dollars a picture. I was the first one to introduce the percentage. I did it with a handshake  In later years she admitted that she conceived peter after divorcing her husband no limit just a thin thin layer is necessary they come to see me then go out humming  loads and loads of loveliness -one had the feeling that she'd been shot from a canon and showered her sparks over an incredulous world with no thought or care where they fell (no surgeon's scalpel has ever touched my face) her '31 salary inspired tax legislation aimed at the industry bought the easiest way let's drink to the fallen angel 57 movies sister to barbara Active Player keep them honest knock now, the next time anyone asks you how old I am, tell them I started my career at 2, and had my first baby at 4 i sang with my own voice in films we can hardly take that into account i also did cosmetics and fashion design costumes in cincinnati he's not offering you marriage he's offering you heaven for my tempermental skin steal a few more minutes of sleep and sometimes not even then i like a sheen and good luck  i've been thinking It's staying calm and happy and having something interesting to do a rough contract  you wouldn't expect  a very confident girl who'd like the job 1904 i now pronounce you splendid truly splendid be constant and thou chainest time forever hey find out the name of the lady i'm dancing with -Konstanz is a city on Lake Constance someone in new york once called her miss dracula, stanzi wolfgang finds out things like that writing late  amadeus saturday 13 symphony May celebrate its fourth Long Night of the sciences mozart  he can  lake afford them veronica's real name a feeling of courage, power, Cum grano salis you can become what you choose do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law do you mind, no, on the contrary. \par
\b0\fs20\par
\par
}
 