{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 brim - the waiting - 1 or 64 \par
\par
The enormous burning sun beats down the night in a nearly tropical hue of kuala lumpur bright yellow perhaps it has to in honor of the malaysian flag. There's no miami pink, no manhattah film grain ash, none of the shadowy antique purple of rome, none of the bone white glaze of los angeles, and only a hint of the seoul neon blue which comes with a new day in korea. \par
\par
As the minutes pass turning suddenly into an hour and the room service moves in the single breakfast cart and newspapers one necessarily wonders where the true stories are being held for one already knows - having gotten a good look at the surroundings - that publications which provoke the ruling party or interrupt the appearance of progress or purity will be made to go on an extended holiday of silence until they bow down deep to the powers that be and say sorry we were wrong now here this is the way. \par
\par
The suit needs pressing and for a second one wonders if the low rumble just beyond the windows isn't the actual cries and whispers of those lost within the tortured society of detention centers and jail cells.  There has been a slaying of a prisoner for nearly every day of the past two years. The red tie now seems too republican and so the white and cracked egg-yellow stripe gets windsored. Perhaps the guards don't kill during muslim holy days or international holidays. The crown prince of Japan is on his way back to Tokyo where a light crimson dominates the start of each new day. Even when it rains, there is a tint, a hint of cherry along the ginza strip. One considers these thoughts on the way past the lobby and entrance.    \par
\par
brim - the waiting - 2 0r 65\par
\par
I have just arrived from Seoul where I found the Ritz Carlton closed and my hotel rewards card useless. Irony is the staple in the diet of the writer's everyday life, it seems. In fact, even for someone with more to edit than already published there are those that insist on pulling not only for the prize of your attention but even for your soul. I should write it as a subplot if i were a better writer or more to the point if the attention span of the general public had not been so compromised by media. I will say, since I mentioned it in passing upon earlier notes this suspicion of a parisienne group that set it up so as to derail certain aspects of my portfolio. Greed is common enough but to grind down into attempted spirit theft, it is as reprehensible as letting the boys involved in the killing of kim jong nam get on a plane while the girls have only the leftover pleasures of jail. \par
\par
I''ve got a notebook, it's too heavy to saunter around me, it's as weighty as my loafers yet i lug it for there are a lot of notes and a few sketches and one can hardly tell when some notes might strike a chord. There's no accord. In fact, recently there's been a serious contradiction. The body had been reported flown out between the end of march and the start of april -even in the wall street journal- however sensing too great a delay on any word of burial or cremation no incineration sounds more like it i said, to no one in particular and everyone at the same time since that is now possible with the technology of the cyberspace, hey and not a day passed when the body was being flown out again at least in two reports...\par
\par
brim - the waiting - 3 or 66\par
\par
I'm not used to the modest dress code, especially when it comes to women and something about these malaysians continues to stretch in my imagination like a visual echo or perhaps a premonition of the immediate in sort of an easy rider film effect. I think for a second it's like Tangier in the early sixties yet my thoughts tell me the music is missing. What I hear is that something is amiss. There's dissonance, you can feel it as you breathe. Counterpart of Pluto, Dis is the lord of the underworld. Ever wonder why so many great words employ the prefix...dish dishonor discover disk disney disorient...This is the orient. Am I being disobedient? Not paying attention to an obvious dispatch...\par
\par
No. I had been faithfully following the fire as it burned and figured to pen as soon it got said that two women were being charged under penal code for murder. What was that name, apandi...The old Apache Devil dance would go on for days... apnoea...The pause in breathing sometimes during sleep...I believe it might be a bit like what I've seen cossacks engage in...There is an engaging coffee shop. I perch away from the window and pour over the pages.\par
\par
brim - the waiting - 4 or 67\par
\par
It was mid-february to spell it out without romance or saints. Siti from Indonesia had been trapped by the police at the third hotel she had checked into in kuala lumpur. They questioned her for hours. The press was pushing the LOL assassin buttons and some of their images held her in splitscreen. You can see the horror in her eyes and the blank expression of shock upon her face. Doan held up a countenance more saddened than intense as if one left waiting at the altar on her wedding day in Hanoi. She was cornered at what they call KLIA2 -part of the kuala lumpur airport complex.  President Johnson had visited during the Vietnam war or conflict. It was during the height of the fighting and thus a brave act of course many Texans are headstrong you might say they suffer from woodheadedness.  Now I bring this up for I feel this should be the main subplot, that is how the killings of the leaders of Vietnam preceeded the deaths of the leaders of America and to complicate matters how these in some way brought us all full circle to the end of the civil war for as you must already know Johnny W. took aim and look abe no more lincoln. Yes, better than a cadillac. Now then, I have been toying with a few styles and have plucked from the air a nearly lively tradition which perhaps speaks for itself yet I know not which parts will be in and which will get postponed...\par
\par
They were charged by february's end and the hearing was held this past thirteenth of April wherein their lawyers protested at the lack of disclosure from the prosecution at which point the judge half an hour postponed the proceedings until the end of may. The end of may also happens to be Doan's birthday. I had wished to stay in South Korea to celebrate my own birthday and tell my kentucky fried chicken joke to Kim Tae Ri that is if I could any words out of my mouth as it would surely salivate at the sight of her beauty. Indeed, beauty and it seems abundant everywhere as I felt the utter devastation of attraction at so many turns within that teal tinted neon city's glow that lingers even into sunrise. \par
\par
\b\fs16 brim - the waiting - 5 or 68  Dawn, in any case it dawns on me to start it over if only to decorate the novel in a different style from the ones attempted before. Is this narrator more reliable or is he too straight like every other news hound sniffing for an angle or a twist. At the very least a biting sound. The dogs of war they bark but they always have and always will unless i get my way, i daresay and digress. What is the start of this art? \par
Just like a lot of girls everywhere and anywhere, Doan and Siti wanted to be loved maybe even acclaimed and so they agreed to try out as performers for a reality show. Their audition consisted of surprising strangers in different places around town. They either liked Siti more or simply hmm impishly thought her less resistant to their facade. She did it a lot more and even took a trip with the man that was one of three let go in exchange for natives. They went to cambodia and soon both were sent to the airport to prank kim jong nam. A prank that ranked in the category of a killing. It was all over the news as Doan made her back for a supposed second prank at klia. A return to the scene of the crime? Or basically to see if she had passed...In the first scenario a likely alibi and in the second well she had been on a  vietnamese  talent show and most likely the men had requested that she return and so she did.  I wrote out both sides and the guilty flip side simply does not sound true. I realize that there are unlikely truths and always irony however the only powers that be with any recognizable interest in this jet set playboy are the chinese, the north koreans or even the dissidents from the hermit kingdom, and his family since not only did he have a wife but also at least one mistress. Doan and Siti do not fall into any of these categories. Not by a long shot. \par
I have taken part of my day to organize this new prelude because I have read that two weeks ago a pair of men were hanged in malaysia even as their appeal was pending and also during my research I found more than a few cases of abuse of detainees and prisoners. To be somewhat exact six hundred or so have expired in the previous couple of years. Moreover, even the Prime Minister has been proclaimed corrupt by some and if there is corruption it can't be contained. That is to say, these women might not be entirely safe. As they are jostled here and there, bullet proof vests cover their torsos yet alone in seperate cells there is nothing except their desire for freedom and the prayers of their family and friends and possibly these descriptions i am yet in the process of deciphering but have already dedicated. \b0\fs20    \par
}
 