{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs20 BRIM (the tale of two good time bitches arrested in kuala lumpur before valentine's day)\par
\par
for siti & doan  -a work in progress-\par
\par
"\b0 the moment of change is the only poem\b " - adrienne rich\par
\par
Just like a lot of girls, they were'nt reaching for death, in fact, they were searching for a camera that was nowhere to be found. There was some overhead cam, but the tape is so blurry that it makes one think gerhard richter spread a glass squegee. squeegee. how is that spelled, it doesn't matter. you either get the point or not. squigee. well, despite all the evidence i am a perfectionisto. squeal boy! like a pig boy, i want you to squeal! oh, ned who makes up such words and why do i opt to write them down. delivered, brimming with legality, apandi said the girls would be charged like wasted cell phones under the penal code number 302. Ford windsor. for dw said vx was ten times more yet the airport kept on trucking. KLIA - Lapangan Terbang Antarabangsa Kuala Lumpur in that sweet talk language. delaware, it got me thinking. .In 1919, Ford bought out all  investors to incorporate in that State.Also, the death penalty is hanging, the hanging judge it seems is still sober. so bear, sam! Play it again, play it back, look henry no jews! Malaysia. Yes, to us without much knowledge outside of the king's english it only means far away place. Malaysia the response to what is the shopping spree before xmas called?But ma, I can't deck the halls tonight i got malaysia from macy's...Indeed, or rather, point is if you hold an israeli passport well simplt put there is no entry.  Mossad french fries. All three of us know they gotta have someone everywhere, - stop it, i lost count I mean i forgot the ISP folk and the folks watching the internet service pros - which makes this a crowd in which case of course new paragraph. news beatnik parenthesis and a petty fade but yeah i promise page two will be pretty.\b0\par
(\i closeup sorry crossing fun fun fun cutta m in dc on trol cal cycle psycho calcutta\par
bits raise merry hell diary and daily reminder the school of mayhem and murder\par
underworld fast kneecaps  to study sexual behavior and state secrets Denai is the demon of hunting timothy leary is dead kim jong nam sleep paralysis a humanistic way to wage a war\i0 )\par
\b I can still feel the eyes of those blue bellied devils...\par
\par
\par
\b0\par
\par
\fs18 BRIM -page two- There is always yes, there is always no. Yes and no. Yes, I know that straightahead \par
writing will win awards and is easier to translate for sales overseas or at strange supermarket\par
literary stands. I also know that for those of us that like to read (or even those of us who used\par
to enjoy those paced pleasures of a bound book before the battle for individuality took hold) it\par
might feel unusual or strange to compete with one's own ideas and to complete one's one thoughts\par
with let us say ketchup for the sake of saying. In these early pages, still prologue obviously, i can't\par
see or feel any better way to go through. Weigh it with me; which kitten or cat has come on over\par
with hey that finnigan's wake is a surefire page turner! I said the same thing sylvia said, but I didn't\par
know it until i reached into her jar. I love the idea, but where are you alike me to speak of such volumes? valient and precisely the seed of modern literature in itself a prophecy for the end of  writing. how does it happen that instead of everybody reading, they are writing posts and posting pictures. I haven't heard anyone mention steinbeck in years, is ferlinghetti alive, it takes decades for anybody to mention dos passos or pessoa even...quickness is what wins the soundbyte grab them by the pusan push button busan aha scan for a throwback yet somehow there are them which won'tallow pretend that is fiction at least in my experience you are in a confession box and these are how many glory be hails will be had now stop making barking sounds at your mother when she goes apex ape bananas. Enough of non-story. It is essential to stick to my game plan. that is no plan. we are, after all professionals. within this work you will find swift cuts into the ways of words some of them heard some of them said some of them crafted for the very purpose of poetry if you will indulge me the monicker for the present. The president does not recite poems because he or she knows that the  poet makes bombs, takes lives, creates riots, kills. more often than not so called writers don't have a clue as to what they are typing. I perhaps in honor of cummings forgo syntax and hone in on a feeling that is horny with a pure lust for a groove. these grooves, like songs, they don't last long and you will find it so even in a symphony i mean no worthwhile composer ever kept to one phrase.it's the magic of jazz, too you will agree. now then, for a second or two forget all that you heard and imagine that someone might walk up to you at a mall or airport and put you down for good. frightening thought given that there usually are too many people in such places to prevent smeared handkerchiefs or darts...even the arts could not help you then! this forget about it for a few seconds has a flip side; lookit bro do me a favor and hand this envelope to sasha - she's the one over by the camel cigarettes - i fucked up and she's not talking to me and i would appreciate it if you you could give her this...so you walk over with that and leave to hear on the news that sasha expired on the spot perhaps or you exit to enter the hotel but instead of the concierge there are a handful of agents waiting to take you down, downtown..so, yes or no but in between also the maybe. and it it is this baby that beckons for an expanding style, a universe of hints, a hiss whispering hey perhaps \b switzerland hallucinates a very small amount in the water supply Hantu Hutan i guess i must seem very cold blooded  sky high horrors electrodes no body just long arms implanted in the brain mexico angels play the horses duped I knelt at her feet in gratitude and adoration scratching of the witch while some exorcists may doubt whether it is lawful to use certain unconsecrated herbs and stones  \b0 Ain't I rough enough,Ain't I tough enough Ain't I rich enough, in love enough oh! Please...\par
\par
\fs20\par
\par
prolonged periods of Castle Cachtice \par
There were present above twenty persons to attest the truth of this\par
 How many times in his life would he have given anything to have turned off a \par
main road to find a lost corner like this where he could \par
let the world go by and live in the sea from dawn to \par
dusk! \par
\par
Witches sometimes formed models of their intended victims from wax or clay. When pins were stuck into these, or when the models were  thrown on the fire, the victim fell ill and sometimes even wasted away and died Fell long before; nor aught avail'd him now\par
bunny girls party at oss kuala lumpur 2014 switzerland hallucinates\par
a very small amount in the water supply\par
Hantu Hutan i guess i must seem very cold blooded \par
sky high horrors electrodes no body just long arms implanted in the brain\par
janos and thorko\par
\par
TD true drug do our bidding against your will the phone was on the table\par
demonologists often discussed the possibility of witches having sexual relations with demons\par
This excellent plan recommended itself to all\par
Mont Kiara J-0 G-08, Jalan Solaris, Soho KL a neck and leg trance \par
\par
strategic services i'm sure having seen no direct proof maleficium\par
Hantu Gunung, are spirits that roamed the mountains they belong to the group of ancient ghosts that inhabits  the earth before the coming of men amnesia Nineteen witches were executed at Chelmsford in 1645\par
\par
red sox moe a mistake of a million times gottlieb southern mexico angels play the horses duped\par
 I knelt at her feet in gratitude and adoration scratching of the witch\par
\par
loved the placefirst sight magic mushrooms spread blessed salt all over the apartment\par
\par
 the terrace leading almost to the high-tide \par
mark priestess maria sights The Tangangyika laughter epidemic of 1962 was put down to an outbreak of mass hysteria I was utterly astounded; and, for a moment, was quite at a loss what to do  some exorcist may doubt whether it is lawful to use\par
certain unconsecrated herbs and stones\par
\par
 the low two-storied house With gay brick-red \par
awnings over the windows you heard sounds you smell things\par
powerless to seek revenge \par
 Darvula and Dorottya \par
Several students said they had seen the ghostly figure in the canteen\par
Moreover, it cannot be denied that the devil liveth, yea and reigneth throughout the whole world. Witchcraft and sorcery therefore are the works of the devil: whereby he doth not only hurt men, but also, by the permission of God, he sometimes destroyeth them.\par
 \par
 the crescent-shaped bay of blue water and golden sand.chemicals vanish anacin local skylab i want her dead tuesday pepco\par
 \par
And now he was to have a whole week of this capable of causing mental attitudes\par
 he knew the whores the pimps and later in san francisco with a commanding view\par
But my evil destiny attended me still.\par
\par
In his mind he fingered the necklace of the days to come.\par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
}
 